

80phz7	With all of the negative headlines dominating the news these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you optimistic about the future?


70k2ya	How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to continue driving?


a72nr4	What's something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
atn6h6	You gain control of JK Rowling's twitter account for a day. What unnecessary piece of information do you add to Harry Potter lore?


7pblps	What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her?

9hef7a	In a video game, if you come across an empty room with a health pack, extra ammo, and a save point, you know some serious shit is about to go down. What is the real-life equivalent of this?
bhd99l	Have you ever woke up in the middle of a dream and the dream was so interesting that you wanted to go back to sleep to see the end of it? If so, what was the dream?
6k0p7l	What are the best free online certificates you can complete that will actually look good on a resume?
akbzuv	What are some "guy secrets" girls don't know about?
awwcfb	What's some juicy gossip you just found out in your personal lives?

7rb2rh	If they made a show called "White Mirror" that was about all the positive aspects of the human/technology relationship, what would be the plot of certain episodes?
87wckw	You have been accepted for an experiment: you must stay in a room with nothing but bed/toilet/food/water and no human contact for one month. If you succeed for the whole month without giving up, you get $5,000,000. Do you accept? And what are your coping strategies to avoid mental breakdown?
a0a4cd	What's the most amazing thing about the universe?

b2mzay	Men with an anime girl as your profile picture, why?
aqf3bi	You are offered $1,000,000 USD if you can hide a pair of car keys from the entirety of the FBI force for 7 days. Where do you hide the keys?
7x639l	What free software is so good you can't believe it's available for free?
aumhwo	Which conspiracy theory is so believable that it might be true?
b0ox0w	Children of " I want to talk to your manager" parents, what has been your most embarassing experience?
aabvsh	What is a good weakness to mention on a job interview?
b0e6ty	What's an 'oh shit' moment where you realised you've been doing something the wrong way for years?

b2d09p	Rather than eating a family size bag of Doritos in 20 minutes, what are some healthy snack alternatives that can be consumed in large amounts?
asytc0	Were you ever that 1 in 1,000,000? If so, what's your story?
bvr285	What is that one fact you know that always makes people respond "And why the fuck do YOU know that"?
b53fvi	What foods can a teenager cook for his parents to help their depression?

9799el	You've found a suitecase full of $750k in cash in $100 dollar bills, in the brush next to a highway. You can tell that it's been there for at least a year. How would you integrate this money into your life without raising red flags?
9xwc0a	You get $1,000,000 however, it's because $100 is taken from 10,000 random people. If nobody knows that you got the money, would you do it, why/why not?
alprgd	You are given 300 million to make a movie but it HAS to bomb at the box office or else you die. What do you make?
aew8m9	High School teachers of Reddit, what is the one thing that you want your students to know that you'd never tell them in person?
a9xya4	What are some psychology experiments with interesting results?
aa7zs9	What YouTube channels are genuinely worth watching?
9fbka2	If a genie grants you the opportunity to ejaculate $50 in cash instead of sperm every time you cum for the rest of your life meaning you can't have any more children, would you accept? Why, why not?
7fvwff	People who do 30mph on an on ramp to a highway where the speed limit is 65mph. Why do you do this?
beof2u	Do you think a baby centaur would suck on the horse nipples or the human nipples? Why?


a5ch9k	If you were offered immortality, but everytime moonlight shined on you, you'd be a walking skeleton, would you accept it? if so, why?
a26y06	What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
ayoyal	Police officers of Reddit, who's the smartest criminal you've ever encountered?
bb0s2g	Besides eating cereal with water what is the most outrageous "eating sin" you have ever witnessed?
ary01m	Multilinguals, what's your "they didn't realise I could understand their language" story?
ak72q5	What's the best way to ruin a perfectly good bout of depression?
av8cuh	What is something super important that is on the verge of happening?

a8tk9u	Parents who knock on their kids' doors and then immediately open it anyway, what's your thought process?
a9dnxk	What's the most kind/beautiful thing you've overheard about yourself by accident?
8fjugj	You will get $10 million cash but Samuel L Jackson will be there to shout "motherfucker" for every dollar you spend, will you be happy? And Why?
b2ixz7	What's the "went through med school just to realize you couldn't stand the sight of blood" of your job field?
avq7hy	People who read the terms and conditions of any website or game. What's something you think other people should know about them?
bvgvkh	If 9/11 happened two months earlier, what do you think the store 7/11 would have done afterwards?
bbnfav	[SERIOUS] Would you reduce your meat consumption if lab-grown meat or meat alternatives were cheaper and tasted good? Why or why not?
auypw7	What is the craziest encounter of 'rich kid syndrome' that you have experienced?
9ryboc	People who have ordered a bars "safeword" drink to get out of a bad situation, what was your date like and how did the staff help?
84e0nc	Daughters of reddit, what is something you wish your father knew about girls when you were growing up?
ad07mp	Couples of Reddit, what's the most unromantic thing that's happened between the two of you that actually is a stronger indication of love than others might think?
abhgc0	If someone borrowed your body for a week, what quirks would you tell them about so they are prepared?
9xbawu	What are some cheat codes you've found in the game of life?
am2bg8	What dire warning from your parents turned out to be bullshit?
a0jox8	Lawyers of Reddit, what was your 'oh shit' moment in court?
aldjqh	What kind of teenage bullshit probably happened at Hogwarts that wasn't mentioned in the Harry Potter books?
abt949	What small thing makes you automatically distrust someone?
b3btha	What is something you did that increased your quality of life so much that you wished you would have done it much sooner because it changed your life forever?

6bz2ej	Blind gay people of Reddit, how did you know you were gay?
azfgz0	What is an adult life equivalent of calling your teacher "mom"?
bvdaci	What's classy if you're rich but trashy if you're poor?
afljw6	What's the most 'I'm turning into my parents' moment for you?
aiv6l6	What is the most effective psychological 'trick' you use?
al2zw8	Medical professionals of Reddit, when did you have to tell a patient "I've seen it all before" to comfort them, but really you had never seen something so bad, or of that nature?
a6532f	What's a really cheap item you can buy that can make you look incredibly rich?
anh2fs	Ladies, just like leggings can very easily attract a guys attention, what is something guys wear that will attract your attention?
a3940b	If you were given the chance to start your life over at age 10 right now, but still retain all of your current knowledge and memories, would you? Why or why not?
a7nwe2	What food can you bring to an office holiday part that says, "I brought food because the office party is mandatory"?
bfsn6x	Jesus said 'he who lives by the sword dies by the sword' and he was a carpenter who died nailed to a piece of wood. By this logic, how would you die?
bxgldm	Rich people of reddit who married someone significantly poorer, what surprised you about their (previous) way of life?
9u871x	What is an underrated website everyone should know about?
adgvmt	People who honk in traffic jams, what are you trying to achieve?
c210n3	The 16 year old version of you just moved in and is now your new roommate. What's the first thing you two would fight about?
bg8z8v	What conspiracy theory do you believe to be true? What evidence led you to this conclusion?
91v0dx	What's something your employer did that instantly killed employee morale?
c076ri	Women of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a man?

99q9n5	Redditors who have been clinically dead, what did you experience in death, if anything?
af89qi	Teachers of reddit, what is the smartest/most creative way of cheating that you've seen?
bermbc	What is the HARDEST to answer "Would You Rather" that you have heard?
9kfmtz	You've been granted one wish by the Douchebag Genie. He takes advantage of people's poor wording when making wishes to screw them over. What do you wish for?
a5hsxb	What "you know what, just to be safe..." thing you did ended up saving your ass later?
c1bhpc	What is the creepiest thing you've seen in the woods, or in the mountains, or in deserts, or caves, or in small towns, or in remote or rural areas or while on large bodies of water, or while on a aircraft or a nautical vessel?
95gf7o	What are some of the most interesting 24/7 live-streaming webcams to watch from around the world?
83ppw5	Let's pretend violent video games teach you to use a gun to kill people. What other skills have you inconspicuously picked up playing video games?
bw6xsy	You are given a button that will make you very attractive ,but every Friday you turn into the opposite gender for a whole day. Would you press it and why?
96p1fv	What are the best, most useful, must-have Google Chrome extensions?
aa1bx1	You are offered 10 million dollars but you have to participate in a porn movie that your family and friends are going to be aware of, do you take this offer or not? Why?
9g0c6k	What is something in YOUR life that is SUPER FUCKING AWESOME?
bcjp9n	Who was the dumbest person you ever met? How did you know?
88tga7	Would you continue to be vegan if you had to grow every single vegetable you wanted to eat? Why or why not?

b1gy72	You have to fight an exact copy of yourself to the death, how do you outsmart yourself?
aorumk	Hey Reddit, what's the strangest coincidence you've ever personally experienced?
andi27	What is the most hurtful thing a medical professional has ever said to you?
agnh1o	What exists for the sole purpose of pissing people off?
advdqm	What's the most fucked up shit you've walked into?

8wt3eh	What will the first reddit post that reaches 1 million upvotes be about?
biviq2	What felt like a useless piece of advice until you actually tried it?
bey9c8	Parents of reddit, what is most fucked up secret you are hiding from your children?
a9oqxi	What's the adult version of 'there is no Santa Claus'?
9jmvhz	Redditors with good eyesight, what is it like to be able to watch your haircuts in progress?
6flhky	Redditors with less than a year left to live, what is on your bucket list and how can we help you?
9z1ofb	What's a genuine question you have that Google can't seem to answer but maybe somebody on Reddit can?
amg4pi	What can you not believe we still have to deal with in 2019?
93f2gg	Bartenders of Reddit, what's an underrated drink more people should try?
ar90mx	What's the dumbest thing your significant other has said or done?
a6i5yv	You are physically incapable of ever lying again, but you get $10,000,000. Do you take it, and why or why not?
92lq03	What's going on on the non-English parts of the internet that we're all missing out on?
amlmhb	Redditors with toddlers, what's the most recent illogical breakdown they've had?
c2hgeg	Who is the most overrated person in history?
b9q1zj	What sounds like fiction but is actually a real historical event?
apfrp4	What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?
7kkorz	What's a "Let that sink in" fun fact?

a9ffdb	What has been the best corporate Darwin Award? A decision made by a company that basically killed the business?
2np694	What tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?
c01upz	You can fill a pool with anything you want (money, gold, coins, anything valuable really), but you must jump into it from 10 meters (~33 feet) and survive in order to keep what you filled it in with. What would you fill the pool up with?
9n9byt	What job exists because we are stupid ?
aqnzxp	What's that one product that is completely worth your money?
a56xhu	What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults?

8c6xpp	[Serious]What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
ayd660	What is your mom's catchphrase?
c1lphv	What is something that everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime?
aekrba	Redditors with SOs who talk in their sleep, what is the creepiest thing they've said?

966s1c	What are some 'guy secrets' girls don't know about?
7rmd0j	What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?

ahynj1	What are some underrated combinations?
6t1ntr	What will be the "turns out cigarettes are bad for us" of our generation?
ax7qnh	A ghost will haunt you forever. You can choose who he/she was before dying. Who's your ghost?
ahj7n3	What do you genuinely just not understand?
bquclv	Doctors of reddit, whats your'Thank god they came in for a second opinion' moment?
c4p6l1	What happened at your work which caused multiple people to all quit at once?
axkvja	What is a unique 'game' you played as a child?
br19bh	Chefs, what red flags should people look out for when they go out to eat?
by8yf7	What "black market" did kids at your school run?
bykb3v	Non Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about America that turned out to be true?

7fy3nf	People who make passive-aggressive posts on /r/Askreddit that accomplish nothing, why do you do this?
aus97z	Bartenders of Reddit, what is the strangest conversation you've ever overheard because people assume sound doesn't travel over the bar?
a8ekca	What's something weird/funny/embarrassing you've done on Auto Pilot?
amcc62	What food has made you wonder, "How did our ancestors discover that this was edible?"
9cibs2	[Serious] Whats the creepiest/scariest thing that you've seen but no one believes you?
aauokp	There are many well known habits people know they should never get into; drugs, drinking, gambling, etc... What are some less well known things or habits that people shouldn't get into?
9nggyv	What is a great YouTube channel to binge watch?
8bjxwe	What is your go-to never-fail joke?
6le8li	What's your most unbelievable "pics or it didn't happen" moment, whereby you actually have the pics to prove it happened?
axe6w7	What's the most inappropriate thing you've witnessed at a funeral?
9xfdfc	Why don't you do the things you know you should be doing?
b8eojm	When someone tells you a "man walks into a bar" joke, do you always imagine the same bar? If so what does it look like?
8gy4nd	What are some cool websites where you can download free stuff?
a2fbqi	What is a song lyric that really hits you hard?

bu1s5i	What fact is common knowledge to people who work in your field, but almost unknown to the rest of the population?
6o5gsc	What YouTube channel is great to binge?
avfwef	Americans of Reddit, what is something you didn't realise was typically American, until you went abroad?
8o937s	What are some of the BEST choices, you've made in your life?
ae67gl	What is an essential, not-so-obvious skill in life?
at2yq2	Which basic knowledge did you totally forget for a moment?
7i0s1o	What's the fastest way you've seen someone improve their life?
ati1tw	What's your 'fuck this, I quit!' story?
9d4v1w	Einstein said 'If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.' How would you explain your job?
b3hs98	What 'common sense' is actually wrong?
b30y0i	Straight people of Reddit, when and how did you realize that you like the opposite sex?
7cv2f0	What's a 10/10 album from the last 15 years by a relatively obscure artist/band?

5z4b1u	What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
axxvlo	What is your favorite dead meme?
a4mc2t	When did your feeling about "Something is very wrong here." turned out to be true?
6o7zay	If your employer gave you the option to work 10 hr days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hr days Mon-Fri would you do it? Why not why not?
airguq	Government employees that voted for trump, what are your current thoughts about him as president?
aogwys	What is a sensation that you can't stand, even though it's not painful ?
9aemgk	Generally calm people of Reddit, what made you lose your absolute shit that time?
au7ypd	What is a hobby that requires little to no money?

a22ivq	What is the most useful Windows keyboard shortcut you think everyone should know?
b6gsfc	You get a check for $500 in the mail every time you poop, but you always have diarrhea. Do you accept, and how do you capitalize?
atbfyz	If you were a bender and could manipulate one of the 4 elements (earth, water, air, fire) which one would you choose and why?
aujfms	What's the stupidest thing you've heard a person say aloud in public?
av2wmx	What's the most bullshit 'fact' you can make up that sounds true?
bg19ld	Older generations of Reddit, who were the "I don't use computers" people of your time?
9ysikd	What's the most 'are you really that stupid' thing you've ever heard ?

6up8z6	If you suddenly came into the possession of 20 tons of Nutella what would you do?
a0660s	What unsolved mystery has absolutely no plausible explanation?
9cd2mw	What do you need a compliment on that would make your day better?
afvg21	What 'cinema sin' is the most irritating, that filmmakers need to stop committing immediately?
b5e6u9	In America, names like John and Mary are known as common names. What are the "John" and "Mary" names of other countries?
c3vy4c	Tattoo artists, what pieces are you tired of doing?
b5oi0q	What game is easy to learn but also very satisfying to play?
b1slv2	Long Haul Truckers: What's the creepiest/most paranormal thing you've seen on the road at night?
9a00ue	What is the biggest load of bullshit you have ever been told?

azizbv	What video game sound effect can you still hear in your head?
9ruki5	Redditors who are married to someone with an identical twin: what are your feelings towards that twin?
9s3fs8	What are people slowly starting to forget?
b7oy9d	Goodwill/thrift shop workers, what are some of the strangest things you've found in the donations?
bj9yi9	What is a true fact that sounds like a conspiracy theory?
a2zwpp	What's a rule that was implemented somewhere, that massively backfired?
bq2sd5	Tour guides of Reddit, what's the worst thing a tourist has ever done under your supervision?
8ji4wy	What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch at least once?
9vkpk7	Shy/introverted people of Reddit: what is the furthest you've ever gone to avoid human interaction?
an1oy1	What was the dumbest thing you ever did to try and impress a girl or guy?
ag6kmv	What's the equivalent of going to a White House dinner and being served McDonalds?
b0zjdk	What's a real fact that some people don't want to accept?
7xu99y	Hawaii wants to create a law that will ban games with loot boxes to people under 21 years old. What do you think about that?
7e8r3x	What is unethical as fuck, but is extremely common practice in the business world?
ab1a95	What tastes so good you can't believe it's healthy?

a3kjx2	Adults of reddit who were depressed kids or teens, what is it like to be here when you didn't expect to make it this far? What would you tell your younger self if you could?
a7ligp	What is a great quote you heard in a porno?
bniexw	People who pooped on the bathroom floor in highschool, why?
b6rhq1	People who have been in a coma, what was it like from your perspective? Did you know you were in a coma?
axtih6	What is the most "worth it" item you have ever purchased?
9yigfy	What is your opinion on the moon?
b3uxis	Professors and university employees of Reddit, what behind-the-scenes campus drama went on that students never knew about?
9ucj6b	What is the biggest everyday scam that people put up with?

8ifrhj	What is something that really freaks you out on an existential level?
8r1dfz	What question did you post on askreddit that you still want answers to because it got barely any responses?
89qb4y	What common product has a feature you're not sure everyone is aware of?
a4elzz	What strange thing did you find out about someone else that they thought was perfectly normal?
bafcge	Marriage/engagement photographers/videographers of Reddit, have you developed a sixth sense for which marriages will flourish and which will not? What are the green and red flags?
a96euo	Reddit, if you die today, and the afterlife hands you a book that contains all stats from your life, which stat will you look up first and why?
75koqp	Besides attacking McDonalds employees for sauce packets, whats the worst fan-boy meltdown you've seen in public?
buso57	Of all movie opening scenes, what one sold the entire film the most?
b9vnxj	You're given immortality but the cost is being sent back 2000 years. Would you accept and what would you do?
bgddn1	What is your childhood memory that you thought was normal but realized it was traumatic later in your life?
b482j7	Deaf community of reddit, what are the stereotypical alcohol induced communication errors when signing with a drunk person?
awhdhl	You are given a brick and told to sell it for $1000. If you succeed you get $1million. You cannot tell anyone your goal. What is your plan?

7sml19	What is extremely rare but people think it's very common?
akf11g	What is your favorite "holy crap this actually works" trick?
8zczpq	[Serious] What's the scariest thing you've experienced that you have photo evidence of?
boxktx	What is your "never again" brand, store, restaurant, or company?
anyx91	What part of being an adult were you absolutely not prepared for?
a7vugv	What food has made you wonder, "How did our ancestors discover that this was edible?"
aztnab	What did you not understand as a kid, but you now understand as an adult?
b3orou	What was your "Oh shit my life is over my parents are gonna kill me" moment you had as a child/teen?

a1xmud	If you had the option to give up sleeping in exchange for never feeling tired again, would you do it? Why or why not?
ardpaf	What have you seen genuinely shitty people do that they thought was perfectly acceptable?
aifdea	When someone says "I miss you" and you don't miss them, what do you reply?
bsomsy	Lawyers of Reddit, at what point ,when working for a defendant, did you realize, 'My Client is a Monster!'?
a7fmzr	What's a tip that everyone should know which might one day save their life?
acuhdb	What's the stupidest thing you've seen a grown-ass adult get angry over?
anr0l2	What's the one horror movie that genuinely terrified you while watching it?
9gir8f	What do you know about your workplace that you are not supposed to know?
auc1bu	skyscraper window cleaners of reddit, what is most bizarre thing you've ever seen on the job?
afqynk	Redditors who add onto an elaborate fantasy world/story while falling asleep, what is the story?

aveq9s	Which insanely popular or successful movie you secretly hate but are afraid to say if in the open fearing backlash from "fans"?
79nd6e	When did your "Something is very wrong here" feeling turned out to be true?
7e0ttg	Multilingual Redditors, What is your "They didn't realize I spoke their language" story?
9iu47e	Students of Reddit: What is your best school life-hack?
7oz9mt	What are some red flags for teachers that scream "drop this class immediately?"
blrjnj	You're transported 200 years into the past with a fully charged smart phone but no charger. what do you do?

bojhpr	(Serious) People who have survived a murder attempt (by dumb luck) whats your story?
b2wp9z	A witch puts a curse on you, every time you fart everyone hears the sound effect of your choosing' Redditors, what sound do you choose?
bbss3q	People in stock photos, what's the weirdest way you've seen your photos being used?
94uzxl	What is the most memorable moment you shared with a stranger who you never saw again?
9rafjy	What is a fun game you play in your head to kill time?
aptikm	What hobby would you like to give a try but don't because of the expense?
bf1d9c	What highly illegal thing took place at your high school?
a2n9cr	What is the stupidest question on this sub that you have seen get super successful?
ajb7ko	For those with office jobs, what little touches have you added to make your desk a little more pleasant?
ao3vot	what character had the best character arc?
9gk5tq	We hear a lot about the unethical companies of the world. What are some of the more ethical companies out there that we should be supporting?
bw31u3	What's an unexpectedly well-paid job?
9166xb	Anyone who won a "lifetime supply" of something, what did you win, and are they still supplying it to you?
6mdrze	What is a dirty business tactic that you know and everyone should be aware of it?
abnyhd	For those who have witnessed a wedding objection during the "speak now or forever hold your peace" portion; what happened?
a5zeve	What movie was basically just an ad?
aawsbz	What's the most awkward situation you've ever been in with a stranger?
95x83j	Redditors who rage quit a job without thinking, what was the last straw?


9b8eey	Other than doing the homework while the teacher is collecting it, what's an 'extreme sport'?
ah0pw9	Hunters of Reddit, what did you see out there that made you not want to go back into the woods?
bakge0	What's something the internet killed that you miss?
adjdfr	What's your top "wow, that actually worked?" moment?
au1487	What's a family secret you didn't get told until you were older that made things finally make sense?
bsu3we	Men of reddit, what NSFW male lifestyle hack can you share?
bip8fg	People who watch security cameras for a living, what creepy things have you tried to forget?
7j1ady	What's the best/scariest/most interesting 'internet rabbithole' you have found?
bl2scw	What screams "I'm not a good person" ?
axyzgb	What 'words of wisdom' have always stuck with you?
akhsyc	Doctors of reddit, what made you say "how the fuck is this person still alive"?
bfqa93	What was your "ah shit, here we go again" moment?
bsg50t	What's the best way to pass the time at a boring desk job?
9vixs1	What old insults need to make a comeback?

b5x8nh	Pizza delivery drivers of reddit, what was the most fucked up place you've ever stopped at?
9sdzcj	What is the best loophole that you've ever found?
a4adv3	What movie could have been over in 10 minutes, if the main character wasn't such a dumb ass?
ac3z4o	If 0 is entirely evil and 100 is entirely good, what number are you? Why?
bxtqdb	Adults of reddit, what is something you should have mastered by now, but failed to do so?

ap3x7t	What is the one story you want to tell, that you can never fit into a conversation?
bas2b4	What's a simple thing someone can do to better their life?
8edllv	[Serious] What are some of the biggest mistakes people can make in their 20s?
9qqimz	What is something that you are NEVER FUCKING BUYING AGAIN?
bn3ab7	Atheists of reddit, what is one thing you admire about religion? Religious people of reddit, what is one thing you admire about atheism?
9obx8a	What thing exists but is strange to think about it being out there somewhere right now?
6zm3uo	With the adage "nothing is ever deleted from the Internet" in mind, what is something you HAVE seen vanish from the net?
aqti4i	What was your scariest "A second later and I would've died" moment?
bzb3f1	Redditors who clean up crime scenes - what's the most bizarre thing you've witnessed?
awaqld	What weird things happen during sex that nobody warns you about?
9cxf1g	How can you describe your legal, legitimate job so it sounds illegal or sketchy?

8ehtg5	There's a room in your house where time doesn't flow. You could stay in there for as long as you could possibly want, and not a second will have passed outside that room. What would you use this room for?
awsqjw	You've just finished having sex, what do you say to make it awkward?
a85w78	What's the most strangely unique punishment you ever received as a kid? How bad was it?
88iaiq	Males of Reddit who give birthday blowjobs to their best friends as a gift, when did you start this tradition and how did you find about it and what happened?
ax3etm	What are some fun things to do around with your SO at home that isn't sex?
bobtwf	What is, in your opinion, the biggest flaw of the human body?
97lynd	What is your mom's catch phrase?
as9ma3	What's a non-sexual moment equivalent of an orgasm?
8dwjnt	Ex-cons of Reddit: What was the hardest prison-habit to break after being released?
b4x2uv	The porn industry wants to start turning historical events into adult films, what are some of the titles they come up with?
96xrgr	What's something horrible you've witnessed as a child but did not completely understand, only to discover later in life how horrible it really was?
a1n8rb	People who have had sex with someone with a disability of some sorts, what was different about that experience?
ayj1ex	What's the creepiest place you've been?
a5ualx	What's not as bad as everyone says?
bfhflk	What's an irl version of a level 1 bad guy?

76r87v	What's a secret you won't share with anyone in person, but you are willing to share anonymously?
9yc7op	What's the rudest thing a guest has ever done in your home?
9v9tlz	Students of Reddit, have you ever lost your temper with a teacher? What's your story?
bj4hfq	Medical workers of Reddit, what were the most haunting last words you've heard from a patient?

9qcusv	What quote from a video game stuck with you?
bv51tj	Depressed, suicidal, or otherwise extremely downtrodden members of reddit: what is your go-to quote, phrase, or particular memory in life that keeps you going?
86mhtk	People who "switched sides" in a highly divided community (political, religious, pizza topping debate), what happened that changed your mind? How did it go?
98s98x	What are some of the most disturbing Wikipedia pages to read?
ba4dyn	Airplane pilots of Reddit, what was your biggest "We're all fucked up" moment that you survived and your passengers didn't notice?
9l27it	[Serious] Redditors who have been to therapy, what is the differences between going to a therapist and talking it out with someone you really trust?
brzuwa	As a mental health worker or someone affected by mental health issues, what is one thing you would want to say to educate people about mental health and to lessen the stigma and shame surrounding it?
aqx2jy	What everyday household items are actually way more dangerous than we give them credit for?
arm6h8	What is something your partner has done during sex that completely ruined it for you?
bqc3ib	Which propaganda effort was so successful, people still believe it today?
anmzsu	Which historical figure would be the most obnoxious Instagram "influencer"?
bk3749	What is a survival myth that is completely wrong and could get you killed?
9w3utv	Elon Musk has announced he is opening a human zoo. You would be paid two million dollars per year to live in a clear exhibit on display. Would you sign up? Why/Why not?
aiznfj	What shouldn't exist, but does?
7wohjx	Fellow Americans, How would you feel about eliminating tipping in exchange for providing a livable wage for the service industry?
a19q02	It's almost 2020, what futurist thing did you seriously think we'd have by now?
a897uw	People who were alive then, what were you doing December 31st 1999 ?
c0qaj7	Have you ever quit a job, without another lined up, for you mental health? How did it turn out?
bjhqpw	Arm amputees of Reddit, is sleeping on your side more or less comfortable now? Why?
9wlbv4	What's your best "Fire me, I fucking dare you" moment from work?
6yggcg	What's the best advice you've ever received for making a sandwich better?
7p7wo1	What skills can a poor 19 y/o learn to help make an income and get further in life?
b6wkxa	What is your "I wish I had started doing that earlier in my life"?
bcvxd5	What is the most disrespectful thing that someone has done in your home?
a8ky2s	You're offered $1 billion dollars, but you have 10 years taken from your lifespan. Do you take the money? Why or why not?
8fztrk	What was the "removing the headphone jack" of another industry?
8nk1ec	Which creepy urban legend turned out to be true?
b1nfy5	What is the 'I study animation so I can draw my own porn' of other majors?

84ux6v	Dungeon Masters of Reddit, what is the most surprising thing your players have done in-game?
9hsm7f	What podcasts are you most enjoying right now and why?
9xqbm2	Would you take a 50% chance of dying instantly, right now, for $100,000,000,000 if you live? Why or why not?

bil7g1	What's the scariest thing going on in our world right now that not enough people know/ talk about?
az5d9w	Flight attendants and pilots of Reddit, what are some things that happen mid flight that only the crew are aware of?
amqm4b	What is considered lazy, but is really useful/practical?
8rzffe	Doctors and nurses of Reddit, have you ever witnessed a couple have a child that was obviously not the father's? If so, what happened?
bxat83	People who have made friends outside of work and school, how on earth did you do that?
aahxn6	What's the scariest thing that happened to you when in someone else's house?
8vltgv	Guys, what's the most obvious "hint" you got from a girl that turned out not to be a hint?
c0vcpt	Which is the worst single decision in history ever made by a person?
ajzwg7	What was very popular in the 90s and almost extinct now ?
ahm7sd	When was your last 'I gotta get the hell out of here' moment?
9oyfsk	What did you do sexually with your first partner that you only realised wasn't normal when you got into a new relationship?
6m78jh	People who stand up immediately after the plane lands even though you are 30 rows deep, why?

9qoi1m	What are the worst injuries you have sustained doing the simplest, most mundane tasks that should not have caused any injuries?
9qxvll	What's the last straw that made you go, "yep, that person is definitely crazy"?
8mcu72	Waiters who grate cheese until customers say 'stop', what's the longest you've ever gone for?
bynkqr	People who have "gone out for a pack of cigarettes" and never went back to your family, what happened after you left? (serious)
bjv6yv	[SERIOUS] Teachers of Reddit, when have you met the parents of a student and suddenly understood their behavior?
8zumqv	What activity is socially accepted but actually borderline psychotic?
ai931s	When is the least appropriate time to do finger guns?
7si0aq	[Serious] People who were in prison during 9/11, what was that like?

bkh4qb	Doctor Strange predicted 14,000,605 different outcomes for the Infinity War. What's one of the dumbest/weirdest outcomes he saw?
8fndq9	People that have friends: How?
a69vi0	You're offered $200,000 but you can't use the internet for an entire year, how do you keep yourself occupied?
7iueim	How are you doing?

8d6rve	What innocent question has someone asked you that secretly crushed you a little inside?
bgykzb	Redditors with toddlers, what's the most recent illogical breakdown they've had?
9tb1k9	What do you feel like you're missing out on?
82630j	What profession was once highly respected, but is now a complete joke?
bdm8gl	What's the creepiest thing you've come across on Reddit?
9n07mh	What is perfectly legal but creepy as hell?
69r98j	Escape The Room Employees, what is the weirdest thing you've seen someone do in one of the rooms?
bhjwfo	You need to earn 50k of upvotes in a 48hr period in order to save a SO who is kidnapped. How do you do it?
7tfnk5	What were some of the worst experiences you have had while working in the fast food industry?
b6332i	If you were filthy rich, what's a totally unnecessary but cool and outrageously eccentric thing you would buy?

8trkrf	What dish is extremely easy to prepare, but makes you look like an incredible chef?
afdwye	What toxic behavior has been normalized by society?
arslu3	What is a fact that you think sounds completely false and that makes you angry that it's true?

a5siq8	Reddit, As of Lately, What Has Been The BEST Thing You've Recently Discovered on the Internet?
ai3j84	What fact totally changed your perspective?
9jbuoz	[Serious]People who have had somebody die for you, what is your story?
9awryl	What the fuck is stopping you from doing what makes you happy and how are we fixing it by the end of today?
aq66ri	Parents of Reddit, what is the most embarrassing thing your toddler said out loud in public?
bbj907	911 operators of reddit, what call will you simply never forget?
ag5tc1	Hairdressers of reddit. Do you notice when your clients are not happy with their hair but are still trying to be polite? What do feel in these moments?

ajf7ds	What's the most fucked up thing you've seen someone do at work and still not get fired?
bndpre	If Jeff Bezos died and left his fortune to whoever completed a some sort of challenge, what challenge would be most appropriate?
ak3n01	Lawyers who put together wills, what is the craziest/oddest thing someone wanted to put in theirs?
9w2l8z	Today marks 100 years since the end of world war 1. What are some stories and facts that we should hear or know about this "War to end all Wars"?
bi0h13	What's the IRL version of a misclick?
9bexbk	If you were paid $1000 a day, doubling each day, to stay in a blank room containing only food, water, and a toilet, how long would you stay in there and why?
5wa1ft	If someone says "Tell me a joke", what is the first joke you tell them?
aj3av1	What is a song that you consider to be perfect?
ahan8g	What is the shittiest advice you've ever gotten?
aqigf1	You are part of the FBI, how would you wreck the shit out of the Redditors trying to hide a key from you?

b4ebif	Teachers of Reddit, when can you tell if a student is going through depression or self-loathing? If so, what do you try to do to help?
9cpe0d	You'll get $100.000 if you binge-watch the same movie for a week straight with only 4h sleep a night, what movie do you pick?
a9bx21	whats the most hurtful thing you've overheard about yourself by accident?
b0rb6m	What was the tipping point of your last relationship?
bmhq67	In honor of Denvers decriminalization of magic mushrooms, doctors of reddit what, if any, is your best story of patients on hallucinogenics?
bjf4mb	[SERIOUS] What was something you saw you were definitely not supposed to see?
9xkeuc	Waiters and Waitresses of Reddit, what is the most awkward couple date you have ever witnessed at work?
ayzp98	What is one "unwritten rule" you think everyone should know and follow?

9zoxcd	What's a song that is VERY 'out of character' for you, but you absolutely love it? What genre do you typically prefer?
5xgf2m	Have you ever (correctly) had a gut-feeling to dislike someone who, on the surface, was a cool person that everybody else liked? What's that story?
bljq8j	Blind people of Reddit, what do you find sexually attractive?
amx4al	Which misconception would you like to debunk?
9azer8	Other than an improperly rolled burrito falling apart while you're eating it, what is a minor misfortune that disproportionately infuriates you?
b7dm4o	When was the moment you realized that your best friend wasn't your best friend?
928ow1	History buffs of Reddit, what is one of the most fascinating stories you've learned that no one seems to talk about and can't be found in textbooks?
b5aagc	What movie is so ridiculously stupid, but you secretly love it?

c1ghcz	Doctors of reddit, what is the weirdest thing a patient wouldn't admit ?
9mbtw0	What's the most embarrassing thing you did as a kid that you think about to this day?
b8wswb	What did you think you were really good at, until you watched someone else do it?
asklsr	Anyone who has been a live witness to a Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares episode, what was it like? Is it all staged?
bkkoq2	What's the worst thing someone tried to correct you about something you're specialized at?
7fm8c2	You get to choose a skill at which you will be best at. But instead of you getting better, everyone else just gets worse. What skill do you choose?
bdeur8	What's normal to do as a child but creepy to do as an adult?
8og1w0	If you could stand in one place in the world and watch everything that ever happened there throughout history, where would be the most interesting place to stand?
81ed0a	If your employer gave you the option to work 10 hr days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hr days Mon-Fri would you do it? Why not why not?
c1qjr8	What is your favorite running joke from a TV series?

bdrsqy	You suddenly have all the money you'll ever want or need in your life. What's the first thing you do with your newfound wealth?
9z40sm	Former undercover cops of Reddit, what is the craziest thing you had to do to not blow your cover?
95nx71	What NEW obnoxious traits are you noticing in society?
bf6cm0	you will get 20 million dollars if you agree to end every conversation with "see you later alligator" for the rest of your life. Why would/wouldn't you do it?
azalb2	As a straight guy, what's the gayest thing you've done?
6portr	If every rapper became farmers who would have the freshest beets?
bznpiw	What is something that your profession allows you to do that would otherwise be illegal?

78vx3u	Redditors, what started off as a small lie but then snowballed into "This is my life now?"
bfw72y	Redditors in hiring positions: What small things immediately make you say no to the potential employee? Why?
9ptyom	What is something you will never be able to tolerate?
bzhe09	How do lonely people get friends?
64qx7m	[Serious]South Koreans of Reddit, how did they teach you about the existence of North Korea in School when you were young?
8ranvh	Would you support airlines creating child-free flights? Why or why not?
8m19ar	What nonsense did you believe for way too long before you found out it was made up?
b0ks4k	What was the weirdest thing someone asked you to do during sex?
bq7pbb	What is something someone said to you that hit you the hardest?
akd2te	What are some 'girl secrets' guys don't know about?

afuwah	What is the creepiest thing that's happened to you personally that made you question reality?
asvnyq	What 'old person' things do you do?
8wwtp8	[SERIOUS] What are some places on Earth that are still unexplored because locals fear them? And what are they afraid of?
c39vz7	When did you realise you weren't a child anymore?
6d53vz	Ladies, what is the most obvious hint you've dropped that went unnoticed by a guy?
9mebpv	Parents of Reddit, what lessons have to tried to teach your kids that completely backfired?
7ui180	Americans who visited Europe, what was your biggest WTF moment?
ay8sxz	What do you *NEVER* fuck with?
az3urn	What mistake should have killed you?
antk3m	What's the worst lesson someone could learn from a Disney movie?
9en0j5	What's a product or service you should NEVER cheap out on?
82x3w1	What BIG THING is on the verge of happening?
a6rmd5	What is the craziest excuse someone has given you that ended up being true?
9kx2km	What's that one story you've always wanted to tell on r/askreddit, but no one has ever asked the right question?
a42lsx	What are the best life hacks for poor people?

7zepcu	What "I know it sounds weird, but just try it" thing do you swear by?
85g920	Who's the stupidest person you've ever met, and what story perfectly sums up their stupidity?
bvkru1	What business or store that was killed by the internet do you miss the most?
ar4pe8	Hotel workers of reddit, what is the worst thing you have found in a room after a guests stay?
a8yt9f	What perfectly good product was made worse when they 'improved' it?
bjpmb4	What's a show that's at least three or four seasons, but managed to remain good and consistently well-written all the way through?
atvtwc	As a teenage boy in middle or high school, what confused you the most about teenage girls?
55ng8w	What is the scariest film that doesn't resort to cheap jump scares?
a9lxaz	How would you feel if you woke up right now, and the last 10 years of your life were a dream?
a15rqq	What used to be extra common in movies that you just don't see in movies anymore?
ade0qr	What is the "it's not a bug, it's a feature" of your existence?
93yya4	People of Reddit, what are some of the 'guy code' and 'girl code' unwritten rules that you always follow?

9y24qb	What's the worst case of over-sharing you've experienced on social media?
2vpng7	If all of a sudden all humans simultaneously lost the ability to sneeze, how long do you think it would take mankind as a collective to realize?
6v9uy8	What's a deeply unsettling fact?
74vg2v	Has anyone ever gone through with a marriage pact? You know, like a 'if we're not married by 30 we'll marry each other'. How did it work out?
7nabyg	People who grew up middle/upper class, what did you not believe about low income households but it was actually true?
7qv45t	What is the scariest, most terrifying thing that actually exists?
as1c5n	What 'kind' gesture actually annoys you?
bs3th0	What is a product/service that you can't still believe exists in 2019?
a94beh	If Santa's lump of coal was updated for the modern era, what would he give to bad boys and girls?
a3dulv	What's a super-useful item one should carry with them at all times, since you never know you could need it?

9699c3	What would you do if the words "Simulation ending in 23H 59M 59S" appeared in the sky?

6cwk3b	What was something you saw you were definitely not supposed to see?
bda6dj	If you had $600 to your name, and were about to be homeless. How would you spend this money to guarantee the ability to live?
b758ow	What is the harshest G-Rated insult you have received?
8j7ncy	Teachers of Reddit, what is the biggest holy-shit-red-flag of any kind you've seen from a student? [NSFW]
8esshc	[Serious] What revenge of yours hit the victim way worse than you thought it would, to the point you said "maybe I shouldn't have done that"?
7wtyaw	How would you feel if a grocery store was legally required to donate all of the food that it couldn't sell to the food bank?
b9c6u4	What is the worst/scariest thing that has woken you up?
akpt1d	Ladies, what's the weirdest fetish a guy has dropped on you all of a sudden with little to no warning? Were you with it or...against it?
89exuo	OK Reddit - What just isn't worth the effort?

9i97tf	[Serious] Redditors who felt like they would never ever find a romantic partner and then did: what advice would you give to those who feel the same way now?
c3di8h	Cops of Reddit what is the most suspicious thing you've ever caught somebody doing for a totally legitimate reason?
9ln9n1	How many of you have pencil lead stuck in your hand and how did it happen?
940lya	Reddit, what's the most 'Chaotic Good' thing you've ever seen?
989eg1	What real event in your life , had it happened in a book or movie, would be obvious foreshadowing?
7x2sbj	If historical figures actually did roll in their graves, which grave would generate the most power if hooked up to a generator?
9tm8ku	You are immortal for the next 24 hours, what do you do?
aqjj2c	What is good for only a minute?
8pbya5	When did your "Something is very wrong here" feeling turned out to be true?
9lcjo3	What is the scariest film that doesn't resort to cheap jump scares?
9zkrk6	What is something that everyone praises but is actually horrible?

bt3zc7	[Serious] What's the creepiest/scariest thing you've seen but no one believes you?
ala33m	What crazy ass story do you need to tell?
b43e09	What is this one sexual fact everyone would benefit knowing?
8bohcp	Australians of reddit, what is your great-great-great-great-grandparents crime?
7n1k8n	Guys who eat ass, why?
b041jh	If Jesus was unavailable, who would you scream at to take the wheel?
ajsb2p	What is something that is considered as "normal" but is actually unhealthy, toxic, unfair or unethical?
bqg2xi	Parents of reddit, what's something that you think teenagers of reddit need to hear?
bmyv30	Whats your greatest most satisfying "I fucking called it" moment?
92di1x	Professors that have been offered sexual favors by students or students that have offered sexual favors to professors, what happened?
bh7q7v	Reddit, whats the funniest thing that a random stranger said to you that made you die laughing inside?
a5lsh0	What comes across as selfish but actually isn't?
7xqg0q	What's the quickest you've "Noped" out of a job?
acn5go	Kids, when did you realize your parents might be terminally stupid?
a00sog	Women of Reddit, what are some obvious hints that you made to guys you were into that flew right over their heads?
bxmxlg	Business owners of Reddit, what's the most obnoxious reason an employee quit/ had to be fired over?
9urq6o	Truck drivers of Reddit's; What is your most NSFW story from the road?
9stn76	Schizophrenics of reddit, what were the first signs of your break from reality and how would you warn others for early detection?

c333kz	What stupid thing did you spend tons of money on ?

a0ailw	Former cult members of Reddit, at what moment did you go, 'oh fuck, I'm in a cult'?
8nyu5n	What conspiracy theory, if proven true without a shadow of a doubt, would cause the most chaos in less than 24 hours?
azo02k	What movie did you see when you were "too young" that scarred you for life?
9ntph5	Flight attendants, what are some things we as passengers don't know when we fly? Also what are the negative aspects of your job?

8epyng	Gamers, ever stop playing a game for so long, that by the time you come back you're so lost you have to start over, if so, what game was it?
byzb78	What's the bitchiest, most pretentious/entitled thing someone can have in their online profile?
7muly2	What was the worst "why the f*** did I say that" moment?

936cps	What "Life Pro Tip" have you learned from Reddit that you still use every time the situation presents itself?
870cp3	What's the most refreshing act of 'I don't give a fuck' that you've ever witnessed?
65ylpz	What's the weirdest thing you've done while your brain was on autopilot?
9frmlo	What is a green flag in someone that makes you think 'they're a good person'?
bmjk7w	What's something everyone needs to be reminded?
bws6sp	Who is the single most annoying children's television character of all time?
bbyoq7	What is the most pointless thing that actually exists?
a51nyb	Whats the strangest thing you found in your house/property after you bought it?
8ahj0a	What's a pointless fact you know?

bhs43l	Subway employee's of Reddit what was the grossest sub you've had to make?

bw9rvw	What was your 'I don't get paid enough for this' moment at work?
985k50	What is the "Thing we don't talk about" in your family?
atsj4h	Teachers of reddit, what was the most annoying thing you ever had to deal with in class?
8uf1jo	What joke do you tell when someone asks you to "tell a joke"?
akx2l2	Women, what do you find most confusing about men?
86jmih	What was ruined because too many people started doing it?
blzj3m	What "typical" sound can't you stand?
7v7kbd	People who have lost a single shoe on the side of the interstate, how did that happen?
bgpq3j	What's the most personal thing you're willing to share with us?
7pny5m	Formerly lazy people, what things did you do to overcome your laziness?
avlnla	Cops of Reddit, what is the most stupid criminal you have ever met?
a8oi1y	What products serve a better purpose than what they were designed for?

aso0fj	What's the most embarrassing thing a parent has done to you?
91ag2o	[Serious] Parents of Reddit, what's something your kids do without realizing it hurts your feelings?
c0by10	Men of reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a woman?
8q56bf	Pro-Life people of reddit, if abortion was stopped what would be the plan to ensure the welfare of the thousands of neglected and unwanted children?
9zfiiz	Doctors of Reddit, what are some of your worst experiences with anti-vaxxers?
9j1sr3	What was the creepiest or most paranormal thing that's ever happened to you?
b37mf3	Redditors who own multiple pets: what's the drama going on amongst them right now?
9tyl5t	What is your favorite quote from Spongebob?

brayzq	What is the greatest comeback to an insult you've ever heard?
907qe5	What's the biggest plot twist you've seen in real life?
9t71ec	Do you think nuclear weapons will be used offensively in our lifetime? Why or why not?
9qzyjl	What can't you believe people actually buy or spend money on?

bi56ju	What is something you know but you're not supposed to know?
b1uu4p	What's a genuinely terrifying horror movie that doesn't rely on cheap jump scares?
b250ch	What's a uniquely European problem?
7ddjaw	What's the weirdest thing you've done as a result of social anxiety?
5ipinn	You and a super intelligent snail both get 1 million dollars, and you both become immortal, however you die if the snail touches you. It always knows where you are and slowly crawls toward you. What's your plan?
blcbrl	What's a problem you and your ancestors from 4000 years ago share?
aokbqa	What is a universally accepted pain that most people know the feeling of?
82t2nb	Referring to your pet as only "My roommate", what's something your roommate does?
8adw0f	What's the best 2 player games to play with a significant other?
5k5uo3	Why are you on Reddit right now instead of spending time with your family?
b36d2h	You can have $2,000,000, but your worst enemy gets $10,000,000. Would you accept it? Why or why not?
72r8mx	What is absolutely hilarious as long as it's not happening to you?
7i6iz1	What do you proudly do "wrong?"

ae2iho	What's a story you've always wanted to share here but no one ever asked the right question?
bt7nbi	[NSFW] Men of Reddit, what's the greatest realization you've had during post-nut clarity?
8p0pat	What drama is currently going down in the world of your hobby that the rest of us probably haven't heard about?
b0zxa7	What's the human equivalent of 'Koalas can't recognize eucalyptus leaves unless they're on the tree'?
6w5ozm	What makes absolutely 0% sense to you?
bcpyj9	What sequel to a film do you feel is better than the original?
8t1qqt	Cruise Ship workers of reddit, what was the biggest 'oh shit' moment on the boat, that luckily, passengers didn't find out about at all?
7yaiw6	What is the dumbest thing you've ever done for absolutely no reason?
98kyud	What's the most laughable concept you've ever seen in porn?
9h8nf9	What sounds impressive, but really isn't?
6f6l8s	What do you SWEAR you saw, but don't have any proof of?

bo3owh	What's the best job for a lazy person?
844rlm	[Serious] Men of Reddit who have been raped by women, what happened, did you tell anyone, and did they take you seriously?

9q1q56	What's the best response to "why are you so quiet'?
bwmr79	What's an album you can listen to all the way through without skipping?
b3wmvt	Do you ever just sit in your car outside your place without the radio on or anything, just not wanting to go inside yet? If so, why and what are you thinking about?
blf1l9	What has been ruined because too many people are doing it?
7kslxz	What are your computer tips and tricks that not everybody might know about?
73ak9d	What would you do if Barack Obama knocked on your door with a suitcase and said he was going to stay with you for a few weeks?

7w43k9	[Serious] Depressed people of Reddit - how are you doing today?
7f3582	If you woke up to find you were still 14 years old, and you had just been dreaming of what adult life might be like, how would you react?
89yvpk	You can become $100,000 richer, catch is you get this money by taking $100 from 1,000 charities. No one would ever know, would you do it, why or why not?
6hl62g	You're given immortality but as a cost you are sent back 3000 years - would you accept and what would you do?
6m09lk	Hey Reddit. What's the best "bored-at-work" browser game?
c44wjk	What small thing pisses you off more than usual?
a8xgq2	Hi Reddit, what some good passive aggressive Christmas gift ideas for family members you're not all that fond of?
a1rlxn	People who've dated a psycho: what incident made you aware that you were dating a psycho?
aehyv4	What's something you happily do that others would think is the grossest thing ever?
a3p08r	What is the most First World problem you've had or have seen someone have?
9woulf	What's something that's really useful on the internet that most people don't know about?
8e2zkm	[Serious] What is the most disrespectful thing a guest ever did in your home?
bskplh	You acquire the finite gauntlet. It gives you the power to abolish minor inconveniences with just a snap. What do you do with such power?

7u0rr2	[Serious] What is the best unexplained mystery?
7lnw5g	What does 1 HP of damage in real life?
bx2uh5	What's an injury you sustained, and lied about how it actually happened, because it was too embarrassing?
6scq83	What is your favorite app?
8hwcpc	What just kinda disappeared without people noticing?
b97kxg	How are you really?
bicr5z	GameStop employees of Reddit, what are some of your horror stories?
9sz79k	What is nobody ever prepared for?
7js9ld	What made you change the way you make an omelette?

7g44fb	Travelers of Reddit, what place DID live up to the hype?
aggmz4	What's something you're worried people will notice about your physical appearance that they actually hardly notice at all?
bcdhmp	Men of Reddit, what's the most pathetic/ridiculous thing another man has done in attempt to assert his dominance over you?
8vdv8b	What was one of the most mysterious post found on Reddit?
8sxoya	What is a highly underrated advantage of living alone?
bp9xm7	Bus drivers of Reddit, what is something you wish customers knew, or would do more?
6rcx2u	If you could quit your job and pursue your hobby full-time with financial security, what hobby would you pursue?
bd6ucx	Which high school friend took a path you didn't expect?
9lylic	What quote made you think a different way?
9pmt9g	Redditors who have served in submarines, what is something not many people know about being inside one?

bccs9w	"Impostor syndrome" is persistent feeling that causes someone to doubt their accomplishments despite evidence, and fear they may be exposed as a fraud. AskReddit, do any of you feel this way about work or school? How do you overcome it, if at all?
8wk8hf	[Serious] Sex therapists of Reddit, what do you wish more people knew? What are some of the more common (or obscure) things people have come to you with?
925cfy	Drug dealers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you have been offered in compensation for drugs?
b5rj60	What is something only assholes buy?
ah7wld	If you died right now, what's something on your phone that people will judge you for?
aphhpr	Children in multi-sibling households, what lessons did you learn that the only child might never get?
6klt5o	You are on a first date. You can choose one person alive that comes up to you and fist bumps then walks away like it's normal. Who do you choose and does it help your chances of getting lucky?
aaq8s2	Non-British people of Reddit, what about Britain baffles you?

73e8s1	[Serious] People who check University Applications. What do students tend to ignore/put in, that would otherwise increase their chances of acceptance?
9u18am	[Serious] Dentists of reddit, what's the biggest mistake or misunderstanding people make when it comes to dental hygiene?
9rrh87	Spouses and partners of Reddit, what red flags are you glad you ignored?
8lj4fn	What small thing should be illegal because it pisses you off on a daily basis?
6cluoj	Redditors who have been on a reality tv show such as Hardcore Pawn or Pimp my ride or Pawn stars how FAKE was it?
bf6knp	What's the weirdest rule you had in your home growing up?
9rmyk6	Men of Reddit, what do you put in that tiny pocket in the right side front pocket of your jeans?
77sq2o	What's a joke so stupid that's it's funny?
82hwsi	Medical professionals of Reddit, what is the craziest DIY treatment you've seen a patient attempt?

7srvxb	What was a meal you loved as a kid but now that you're an adult you realize your parents only made because you were poor?
9z7zpe	What is the trashiest thing somebody has done at your family Thanksgiving?
bwi25o	Redditors, what's the most metal thing you've ever seen?
8o2myr	[NSFW] What's the worst thing you have witnessed on a bachelor/bachelorette party?
aq9w8s	What are some of your absolute favourite sounds?
9wzxmm	What is your "we will never speak of this again" moment?
arrngs	Bisexuals of Reddit, what is something that is a turn on from one sex but a turn off from the other?
bgjwwt	Cops of Reddit, what's the funniest change in (already perfectly legal) behaviour people do in front of you when they realise you're there?
6isl6x	What is socially accepted when you are beautiful but not accepted when you are ugly?
66nkym	[Serious] What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?

9d5f07	A genie offers you infinite wishes instead of just 3. What is your first wish?

8ip8sr	What is the craziest thing your hornyness made you do?
acjifv	What's the thing that always happens in the movies that NEVER happens in real life?
aozqik	Those who have been caught masturbating or having sex how did you handle that? What happened?
bdfmnf	What are some good internet rabbit-holes to check out?
aw4idf	What is it that you hate the most about the city or town that you live in?
a4puqo	Fast Food workers, what's an item people should absolutely stop ordering from your restaurant?
9ov7cw	What is something that MOST adults can do, but you, for whatever reason, cannot pull off?
9vrfbc	who's that person that you wonder if they still think about you? what's your story with them?
980rrc	What do you miss about the early Internet?
9opyae	What was the cringiest thing you did in your first relationship?
9ozes2	What's an unspoken rule that is universally accepted?
8g5kto	[Serious] People of Reddit that honestly believe they have been abducted by aliens, what was your experience like?
b6i9ta	What's a weird childhood ritual you still do today?
6gmrji	[Serious] People who have accidentally caused the death of another person, what happened?
7wrbns	Cops and other law enforcement people of Reddit, what were some cases you worked on that made you think (even if for a moment) that something supernatural/paranormal was going on?
a4r4yz	What's your greatest accomplishment that you can't bring up in normal conversation?
b3b29d	What's your "I met a celebrity but didn't let on that I knew who they were" story?
9py0bq	At what point does a house become a mansion?
c27tbb	What lie do you repeatedly tell yourself?
8lb1e0	Minimum wage workers, what is something that is against the rules for customers to do but you aren't paid enough to actually care?
76xpa3	Reddit, what's your top "Holy shit, that worked?" moment?
c2v84d	What's a place that seems fine during the day but gets really creepy at night?
55bh5f	What are some good make out moves?
5lfl9l	What did the most drunk person say or do last night at your party?
c3p2s1	Which villain do you feel sympathy for?
btb5si	What are some red flags of a bad friendship?
abv5zl	Gym goers of Reddit, what is something (protocol, etiquette, tips, etc.) that new year resolution-ers should know about the gym?
7fqsdz	What was your school's 'incident'?

9wdn2v	Prison guards of reddit what it the most extreme thing you ever saw happen in your prison?
bc0207	What movie was loved by the audience but hated by critics?
a6kqiu	What is the biggest "this relationship won't last" red flag you've ever seen at a wedding?
boqtvj	What are the 'not so fun parts' of sex that no one talks about?
9r6yot	The U.N. estimates that there are currently 7.7 billion people alive on Earth. What is something not even ONE of them is doing right now?
7vwkqg	Hey Reddit, what products are identical to a brand name, just with a different label?
ahuzqq	What is the scariest encounter with another human you have ever experienced?
bkseqj	What is a mildly disturbing fact?
5t3rk4	People who are Google Search geniuses, what is your pro tip for finding stuff that no one else seems to find?
83v3pl	What is one rule that was implemented at your school or work that backfired horribly?
c3q7ud	You have one hour to do anything, but afterward you can't ever do it again. What do you do?
bz71uc	The last thing you Googled is what kills you. So, how do you die?
8f8lk4	Reddit, what's something that stuck with you that the person who said it probably never realized would have an impact?
3tdwy2	What would the person who named Walkie Talkies have named other items?
9wz259	We've heard all about red flags but, reddit, what are some green flags on a first date?
9ynttw	What was that incident during Thanksgiving?
bnp83z	The world now runs on porn logic. What's the first thing you do?
9xxrc4	In a lot of jobs, a 99% success rate is considered excellent. What employer would consider a 99% success rate to be a poor performance?
5y7mnl	Teachers of Reddit, whats the difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 students?
8l1zip	What's the most insane story in the Bible that most people forget about?
a0qns8	Police Officers: What's the dumbest thing you've ever seen a criminal do or say?
9kkr90	What is your "accidently caught your spouse" cheating horror story?
6l2sik	What products prey on stupid people?
7vu5pj	What are some company secrets you can now reveal since you don't work for the company anymore?
9hzlya	Women who have given birth, what's something no one told you about it and wish you had known?
akz27e	When space travel becomes a normal daily thing, what do you think will be the annoying stuff that will happen at spaceports or on the spaceflight?

an672x	What are some examples of 'Movie Logic' that don't work in real life?
aanfmf	What's a very common thing that you just cannot relate to?

9njy6h	Couples of reddit, what sex toy/equipment drastically improved your sex life and was worth the buy?
8tjn7s	What's something you've done that deserved credit but no one gave it to you?
7vmv0p	How do you picture a year in your mind?

c2coze	English teachers, what topic on a 'write about anything' essay made you lose hope in humanity?
c18joy	Parents of Reddit: What did you swear you wouldn't do as a parent, that you've done at least once?
5secgd	The Make-A-Curse Foundation grants evil services short of murder for terminally ill adults. What last act of revenge would you request for your enemy?
9f2j6w	[Serious] You're given the opportunity to perform any experiment, regardless of ethical, legal, or financial barriers. Which experiment do you choose, and what do you think you'd find out?

8y8zx8	Bartenders of reddit : what are the stereotypes that come with specific drinks people order ?
7oj2o3	(NSFW) What have you found out about someone that you would never tell them you know?
8gpixh	What are some movies that are way better than they had any right to be?
9y61mp	People who've been blocked on Twitter by a famous person, what got you blocked ?
84lxbg	Reddit, what is something that you can't believe is actually a REAL thing?
972wrq	What was the stupidest thing someone has asked you 100% seriously?
bstmp7	Dear Redditors, you have to insult someone but the insult needs to be based on a fact about animals. What is your best insult ?
ahpn8f	Tell us about your crush. Why do you like them?
7cmmaz	What was your 'Ohh, so that's what it was for' moment that took you too long to find out?

9g2vka	People who received no or terrible sex education: what was the most wildly inaccurate thing you were taught or told about sex and sexual health?
9u3moj	What NSFW fact did you learn at an embarrassingly late age?
bg5ap0	Police officers of Reddit, what was your "they could have gotten away with it if they had kept their mouth shut" moment?
bmac4g	What's something that can't be explained, it must be experienced?
8cb3xk	Police officers of Reddit: What absurd situation have you just happened upon and realized NO ONE called the cops?
6d1aky	Reddit, what does everyone need to calm the f*ck down about?
9f6ok8	What is a subject that you have extensive knowledge on but never get to talk about?
7h6rur	Men of Reddit, what creepy things have women done to you?
b89qxk	What's an item everyone should have?
b6ke3a	Has anyone ever honoured one of those 'if we're still single at 40 let's get married' commitments? How did it go?
8asvzl	What's a sign to you that someone was 'raised right'?
9fud5s	What company policy at your job might actually be illegal?

ayvazg	If humans suddenly didn't ever have to sleep any more, and you now have an extra 8 hours everyday, what would you do with that time?
byvtno	What is your favourite "quality vs quantity" example?

6wqihh	What's the most ridiculous rule in your place of work?
9uwg94	What is the biggest "I shouldn't have said that" moment you've ever had RIGHT AFTER you said it?
9x12qw	What's the funniest way to answer a wrong number call?
7p4pp3	What's the biggest fuck up you ever made that was fixed before anyone knew about it?
6k0mcw	Waiters of reddit, what fucked up shit have you overheard while waiting tables?

92ocru	What's the scariest story you know that is 100% true?
7zomgr	What do you think that popular culture will romanticize about the 2010s?
ampqke	If you could remake any film using only muppets, which film would you remake?
a2bpqe	Which is that one thing you still regret doing it??
97v3rr	You are legally allowed to acquire, free of charge, 1 square metre of land anywhere in the world and do whatever you wish with it. Where do you choose?
bd3dhg	Police Officers of Reddit what is your best " I think we have the wrong person" story?
5s70ly	Chefs of reddit, what's your number one useful cooking tip?
aovbo4	What's an actual, scientifically valid way an apocalypse could happen?
7km3k2	What's the most illegal thing you could do with $1USD?
8v9gff	What high level job do you think you could lie your way into with no experience and no one would notice?
9djd8j	Men, what is something women have seen in rom coms that you wish they would stop expecting you to do in real life?
7epunl	What small habit, if done everyday over the course of a year, can lead to the biggest personal improvement/ gain?
8dm4i5	Reddit at what moment in your life did you stop, chuckle, and think to yourself 'I'm in danger'?
9yqrht	People who have been shot, what are some things that movies don't portray correctly?
bttd2p	People of Reddit listening to music right now, what song are you listening to?
7eh3bh	What is the worst advice you've ever received in your life?

7ejcng	Parents of reddit, what is the most absurd thing you have found on your kids social media?
8i90rw	Have you ever watched a commercial so obnoxious that it made you NOT want to buy the product? What was it for?
6p0s2d	What's your best non-swearing insult?
8dbalp	Reddit, what is a really inappropriate question you've always wanted to ask?
9nq7ep	Married folk, what's the most underrated part of marriage?
6na5du	What X-Rated history facts don't they teach you in school?
7sxbxj	What is the most terrifying wikipedia page to read?
9h45ae	What would a videogame designed 100% based on public user polls be like?
72jsmc	Scum of reddit, what small thing do you do to make society that little bit worse?
6h66de	What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
8qjrzn	What myth did a company invent to sell their products?
br87g0	Doctors of Reddit, what are some of your anti-vax parent stories?

85rryv	Only children of reddit, what is something that people with siblings don't understand?
7zwebj	Barbers/Hairdressers of Reddit: how exactly do you want customers to communicate what they want to you? What do they say/do that is unhelpful?
6rk5ne	When an employer asks 'What is your biggest weakness', what are some good responses?
8jd3yk	What should you know before getting married?
aea1y6	What are you addicted to?
9darnp	Girls, what something men see done in porn that you wish they would stop trying to do in real life?
9p4i24	What is the Cutest Thing your SO Did for You?
93kmwq	Single men of Reddit, what made you definitely NOT want a second date with a woman you went out with?
6vy17t	What was hugely hyped up but flopped?
8byk9k	What is something that people think is illegal, but actually isn't?
8ewg7o	Children of Anti-Vaxxers who grew up and got yourselves vaccinated, what's your story? How did your parents take it? [Serious]
c3gh5p	What could you talk about for 30 minutes straight without any preparation?
9s8jek	What is the best money you ever spent under $20?
alwe3c	What's the dumbest shit someone ever said?
8k2qzb	What's the most creepily intelligent thing your pet has ever done?
94i67o	What was your most 'can't-put-down' book that you've ever read?
ahzlfd	What is one thing you had never noticed before it was pointed out to you, but now you notice it all the time?
8e6m26	Schizophrenics of Reddit; What is the scariest hallucination (visually or audibly) that you have ever experienced?
8eagsm	Redditors who have had major health issues - what small symptom should you have looked into earlier?
b8j7rn	What is the greatest upset in sports history?
6831ol	What are subtle red flags at a job interview that say, "Working here would suck"?
6sksw4	What is the best thing to say to someone to subtly fuck with their head?
6r5mix	What screams "I'm educated, but not very smart?"
aks45j	What small change would completely change a sport?
bj1p4k	What screams 'I'm upper class'?

a0uhyu	What's the worse thing you've come home to?
8a8mhx	D&D players of Reddit, what is the most creative character you've seen someone play as?
7g81w8	What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch?
859870	Girls of reddit who have rejected people, what's the worst way someone has taken it?
8ylaqu	What is the most ridiculous thing you have seen at a party?
ahqlbo	Reddit, what's your family's dark secret? [NSFW]
aecrvf	What Pavlovian response have you developed?
9bryj8	Straight guys of Reddit, what's the most intimate moment you had with another guy?
9j78tq	What's the biggest red flag you overlooked because your SO was so hot?

bb5tv8	What is something that your generation did that no younger generation will ever get to experience?
bty7a5	What actor or actress got cast in a role that they normally wouldn't play and absolutely crushed it?
6s4skx	What human achievement do you want to see during your lifetime?
bjzs1c	Men of reddit what 'girly' habits do you enjoy?

awkfh5	What is a cheap hobby to pick up in college?
bpw8r2	If you could keep any animal as a pet and it would be 100% friendly and loyal, what animal would you pick?
65q9xn	Reddit, what is the worst secret your SO is keeping from you, but that you actually know?
by5q4v	[Serious] People who performed sexual favors in school or in the workplace to get ahead, What was it for? And what are things like now?
9gmhep	With over 7 billion people on the planet, what do you think is one of the few things NOBODY in the world is doing right now?
7hcvoc	People who have been online since the 90's, what mysteries from the early days of the internet are still unsolved?
5pw8qq	People who live where the air hurts their faces, why do you live where the air hurts your face?

bp182w	What is something you do twice "just to make sure" although you perfectly know the first time was sufficient?
9wtijh	What is the worst casting decision in the history of film or tv?
c0ijuy	Teachers of reddit, what are some of the weirdest things you've confiscated from a student?
bwf53q	How have you seen a persons life be ruined in a single day?
ayrrv0	What is a small inconvenience that happens daily in your life, that annoys you to no end, but there is nothing you can do about it?
72zvw1	What's the worst thing Neil Armstrong could have said while stepping on the Moon for the first time?
87nvdo	Therapists of Reddit, what made you realize you were treating a sociopath?
6o0c5u	What little thing would you make illegal just because it pisses you off?
9bvah6	What are some uncharacteristically dark episodes of generally light hearted shows?
5kg950	People who decided to stop using straws, what was the final straw?
95t9dy	Redditors who left companies that non-stop talk about their amazing "culture", what was the cringe moment that made you realize you had to get out?
8s9u3o	What is the dumbest question someone legitimately asked you?
bpr8xn	What trend did you follow as a kid that makes you cringe now?
c2rcss	Sex workers of reddit, who was the grossest customer you've had?

bmlzqs	People who have said no to the barber when they asked if their haircut looked good, what's your story?
bd1dsm	You are given an unlimited amount of budget to create a movie/TV series. What would it be about?
9q29i0	What are some of the worst examples of the 'We've always done it that way' mindset?
b5sh1y	What is something you would do if society didn't find it 'cringey'?
aim6gq	What is the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?
6hyznq	What is something your parents said to you that may have not been a big deal, but they will never know how much it affected you?
7orcni	What goes from great to awful if you add "almost" in front of it?
acgsng	People who speak more than 1 language, what are some struggles people don't know about?
6ymtkb	What is the dumbest solution to a problem that actually worked?
bh5d71	Moms of Reddit: What do you actually want for Mother's day?
9rbbje	What's your biggest "This isn't what it looks like" moment?
8v1jbh	What's the most intelligent thing you've witnessed an animal do?
6x8xch	What moment in video games made you go "fuck this"?
85mdwd	Waiters and waitresses of restaurants that offer crayons to children, what's the weirdest thing you've seen a child draw?
adth5w	What was your "I cant believe this is happening right now" moment of your life ?
7htukg	What were you told to keep secret about a company you worked for, but you don't work there anymore, so fuck those guys?
a31ap6	How would $10,000 affect your life right now?
8mc8la	Doctors/nurses of Reddit; What is the most obvious case of a patient 'faking it' you have ever seen?
be6lqh	What is something illegal you have done and got away without getting caught?
9e3rrq	What's something that looked fun, but you realized it was horrible once you tried it?
a016s2	What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch?
bs6tqc	What was a common in 1999 but is unusual in 2019?
75xto0	What's the dumbest thing you've ever done solely because you were too awkward to do the normal thing?

717o1a	People who have time for studying, meeting your friends, sleeping enough, working out, what's your secret? What time-management tips can you give?
8myoj7	What popular life advice do you disagree with?
94aw21	What is the weirdest status symbol you know of, that only makes sense in a very specific sub-culture?
ap88h9	Redditors who rarely swear, what's a situation that made you swear and how did other people react?
724hq2	Teachers of Reddit, what is something a student of yours has said that made you think 'wow, there is no hope left for you'?
7ajd45	Gamers of Reddit, what are good videogames to play with your non-gamer girlfriend?
5q9ppf	Autistic people of Reddit, what is autism really like?
9mxkux	Japanese people of Reddit, what are things you don't get about western people?
5z7jmc	How would the world be different if a vagina whistled like a teapot when aroused?

be5i81	Former gamers of reddit, what was the reason you stopped playing video games altogether, or a lot less frequently?
878wyi	Employees of IKEA, what are some of the worst family meltdowns you have seen?
9tu9bg	What is an interesting historical fact that barely anyone knows?
bdx51l	In the country where you live, what would be the equivalent of losing Notre Dame?
8xz5fj	What brands are considered top of the line but aren't? What are the actual top of the line brands?
8kd3f4	What is just a placebo effect but most people don't realize?
8b6bkr	Redditors who pay for porn, what are the rest of us missing out on?
5k8odk	What's a dark piece of Reddit history that we like to forget that it ever happened?
6ga6rm	Cops of reddit, what has so far been the creepiest call you've ever had to respond to and what happened?
5po55m	What are signs that someone is secretly unhappy?
bjsxs8	[SERIOUS] Teachers of Reddit, what is the most disturbing thing your student has ever done?
9346j9	What is something most people don't know about the Bible?
a77w8i	Women of Reddit, what's the most 'crazy girlfriend' thing you've ever done?
7cy5s1	[serious] Is it okay to push your mom out of your life if it's to protect your mental health and overall wellbeing? Why or why not?
9i6wlr	Teachers with 20+ experience, what's the difference between the kids then vs the kids now?
9ape6b	If you could do college over, what would you do different?
7tmsyq	What is the creepiest post on reddit?
7hy4fx	What's the fastest way you've seen someone fuck up their life?
5x9jwa	What are some creepy verified pieces of found footage?
af8n9i	What's something that seems worth buying, but really isn't?
9g9s2l	What's the most important question to ask someone when you want to get to know them better?
ae7auz	Men of reddit, what are the struggles of dating a very rich girl?
