azvko1	UPDATE, AITA for despising my mentally handicap sister?
awyi8k	AITA for despising my mentally handicap sister?
cnml52	AITA for suggesting my 7yo name his new stuffed tiger "Tig Bitties"?
cjresy	So we decided to fuck with the sub.
cbybhq	AITA for keeping my website up after being asked to remove it?
cdypge	AITA for telling cashier that wasn't the girls credit card?
bvxqh8	AITA For Firing An Employee After His Parents Died?
bs9yau	Hey Assholes, you're doing it wrong.
ce0nve	WIBTA if I gave my neighbor the rest of his cigarette butts back?
cohdqj	AITA for ruining both my parents marriages for disowning me?
cdc0q0	AITA for not wanting to pick up my wife from the airport at 12:30 AM?
cccdat	AITA For ignoring a coworker who refused to use my actual name?
b7oc7h	Update:AITA for objecting to 'girls day'?
bkyn9c	AITA for choosing my brother over my marriage?
aphmhd	Aita for giving a woman a taste of her own behavior
c5eeb5	AITA for spraying the neighborhood kids with my garden hose?
ch3vqi	AITA for serving a pregnant woman a non-alcoholic cocktail?
ccnvdo	AITA for refusing to accept my parents "gift" and then walking out.
c9uay1	AITA for suggesting that my sister chose an easy love?
ak0zkc	AITA for telling my waitress's manager she did a great job?
anhw1b	AITA for being mad that my birthday gift was sex?
brhlqu	META You can still be the asshole if you were wronged
cblw2u	AITA for refusing to pay at a restaurant that was false advertising?
byiwjh	AITA for exposing the real reason my sister and her bf broke up.
bgyfr0	AITA for propositioning a girl in the gym?
c6t9kj	AITA for yelling at a little girl to get out of my face
c9gtj9	AITA for not helping my son and his wife with my grandson?
c2esxa	AITA for telling people my sister had an abortion.
c6xdyj	AITA for telling my mom she's a whore?
ca15qi	AITA for being mad my girlfriend took my keys?
azfg6o	AITA for 'tattling' on my boyfriend to his mother
ae5whx	AITA for dumping my gf after her unannounced backpacking trip
cb10pv	AITA for yelling at my sister in law?
b9a3mo	AITA for making fun of my boyfriend's penis
afl15b	AITA for not wanting to break up with my girlfriend/stepsister?
bvk83l	AITA for stranding a date without a ride because she was ignoring me?
c6hnjh	AITA for letting my date pay for dinner?
bq2hbt	AITA forbidding my wife from using my daughters old room
clx62w	AITA for being a "Karen" about my car being "fixed"?
bsfwo8	AITA for taking back the birthday gift I gave my sister?
bzr0h7	AITA for serving myself the biggest piece of meat?
c3xraf	Update: AITA for refusing to wear a wig to my friend's wedding?
b0xd7g	AITA for lying to my son's girlfriend's parents?
bs3303	AITA for letting my picky eater child go hungry?
barg6e	AITA for grounding my daughter the way I did?
cj8qg9	WIBTA if I don't let my daughter put a lock on her door?
c219rs	AITA for forbidding my wife to go to her affair partner's funeral?
aujbdh	AITA: I ditched a girl 40 minutes from her house on our first date
b2za6i	AITA for sending my kid to school with "adult" snacks and lunches?
ca83jg	AITA for forcing my son to see how difficult it is to raise a baby?
bzce02	AITA for refusing to meet my wife's ex-boyfriend?
bpo602	AITA for refusing to fire our maid (at my wife's request)
ci22ko	WIBTA if I didn't give up MY honey moon villa to my grandparents?
b5o8t6	AITA for having an Almanac?
c41y2n	AITA for showering my niece?
bi0ljh	AITA for skipping my child's birth to see my dying father?
bf892b	AITA for not paying for the meal?
bnxeao	AITA For telling step-daughter she's the reason for divorce
c6a8ka	AITA for ditching my date and causing a scene?
c4p4b9	AITA for not wanting to share my son?
blpyy3	AITA for refusing to pay alimony to my cheating ex-wife
buiasv	AITA - I moved for my husband's job, my kids now hate me
b4vc6m	AITA for telling my boyfriend he has a small penis?
ay182a	[META] "The Asshole" is not neccesarily "an asshole".
cil848	AITA for avoiding taking classes taught by professors with accents?
b5a1yu	AITA for telling a friend's girlfriend that she's spoiled?
azofrl	AITA for not being attracted to my girlfriend's body?
b12st4	AITA for being mad at my wife for dumpster diving?
bj1yn3	AITA for telling my friend's husband about her secret food stash?
bjt5hg	AITA for not wanting to be involved with a child I helped conceive?
aygsfl	AITA for feeding my vegan nephew meat?
bx5oac	AITA for no longer wanting my trans cousin in my wedding party?
btgyy8	WIBTA If I kick my boyfriend out of my house over chicken.
ck7l97	AITA for not wanting my in-laws to visit our new baby?
bvh33v	AITA for "allowing" my 16yo daughter to get a tattoo?
bhz0i8	AITA for not caring when my friend came out of the closet?
cn1hmi	WIBTA if I cancelled the adoption of my stepdaughter?
aqzqc6	AITA for firing employee of 20+ years for calling my niece "Princess"
bxk596	AITA for telling strangers that my wife and I are married?
cgiexb	AITA for teasing my wife about finally catching her shitting?
c9a9pv	AITA for asking to be charged for a man's haircut when I am a woman
bqoxdt	AITA for doing the same thing as my wife?
cc5orf	AITA for making a baby cry to save $100?
bcpbxl	AITA for not wanting to pay for a diamond ring?
b8sdv1	AITA for changing my mind midway through buying a stranger coffee?
9x0szw	AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend over "consent required"?
b46hkg	AITA for leaving an 18 cent tip and getting the waitress fired?
c3b999	AITA for cutting my mother out of my life for letting me be homeless?
bxumsi	WIBTA if I decline my twin stepdaughter's request to adopt her?
axc97i	AITA for not wanting my mom to cover my daughter's chest in pictures
b6qtzb	AITA for wanting him to keep his furry in check?
c1eh25	UPDATE AITA for following my [42M] wife [27F] around for an evening?
b51p9c	AITA for being upset about a "prank" my girlfriend pulled on me?
bnbp5k	AITA for my sister and her bf breaking up?
ciziiz	AITA for not telling my sister about my nephew's new "boyfriend"?
awtof3	AITA for kicking my sister out of my wedding during the reception?
bgqjrp	AITA for having sex with my sister in law on the wedding night.
br9fpg	AITA for walking out of my own birthday.
b2kqov	AITA for telling my wife WE are making our daughter, not her?
bk763q	AITA for ghosting at parties?
bb9jtb	AITA for ordering a meat dish while eating with my vegan friend.
bchxly	WIBTA If I broke up with my girlfriend over my cat's mental health?
cnxvrt	AITA for spending my Sons lottery winnings money?
au9bhn	AITA for objecting to 'girls day'?
chfrpf	WIBTA if I didn't tell anyone about my marriage
c0i3oz	AITA for Introducing my GF as a Model?
c78usu	WIBTA if I report my doorman for calling me pretentious?
ax75vx	AITA for sticking up for an ex instead of my girlfriend?
bzyh19	AITA for messing with my sister's fake profile?
avple4	AITA for refusing to lift something heavy for a woman as a man?
bmvxbh	AITA for getting defensive about a birthday gift I gave to a friend?
bkey92	AITA for being too honest about having a baby?
bymu7a	AITA for expecting my daughter to help her brother?
b3giip	AITA for telling my boyfriend I don't want a penis?
c0xp8l	AITA for refusing to wear a wig to my friend's wedding?
cie0ce	AITA for refusing to speak english to around my stepdad
cgf8xl	WIBTA for selling my son's home because they decided to be childfree?
bbjo5b	WIBTA for not allowing meat to be served at my wedding?
cg7vm0	AITA for pressing charges on my Daughter for Fraud?
bncdre	AITA got a tarantula so the in-laws stop coming by
ad1lk4	AITA for telling my Bestfriend's new girlfriend to go fuck herself?
br875q	AITA Making my vegetarian daughter make her own meals
cocpeh	AITA for dancing well at a wedding?
c0nmu8	AITA for excluding my blind friend from my wedding?
co0j4u	AITA for telling my ex I refuse to share custody of our daughter?
cgd82t	AITA For Never Telling My Son About The Existance Of His Twin Brother
cisjdx	AITA for skipping my own wedding to see my dying grandma?
bamn16	WIBTA for divorcing husband over his past sperm donation
bd3jpf	AITA for signing a petition to end a tradition?
bob5vd	AITA for getting my ex's girlfriend a Mother's Day gift
cearrk	AITA for telling my coworker about the reality of a 478 MCAT score
bmo5hl	AITA for telling a STEM major to shut the fuck up?
bi4tak	WIBTA if I report my son's school?
b3blri	AITA for wanting to abort my late husband's baby?
cbfzci	AITA - parents lost all my uni work two days before my deadline
bmbpbz	AITA for kicking out my 15 year old daughter for getting pregnant?
btbdd6	AITA for wanting a divorce from husband who lost 200k on bitcoin?
an1v5u	AITA for mocking a Girl with a height requirement?
cf1lbg	WIBTA if I stopped inviting my triggered friend to movie night?
bn6jf6	AITA for not wanting to interact with my biological children?
bk1api	UPDATE: AITA for refusing to apologise to my sister?
bnf405	WIBTA if I canceled my nephew's college fund over his rudeness?
buq5b3	WIBTA If I got paternity tests done behind my wife's back?
bwxoqv	AITA for using the word "miscarry" to beat my wife in scrabble?
bo0t3p	AITA for calling my brother and sister 'Jaime and Cersei Lannister'?
c28bm0	AITA for changing my wife's clothing sizes without telling her?
aw4ci0	AITA for rejecting a girl as revenge?
bju6w5	AITA for locking the door at my in-laws house overnight?
bohka4	AITA for being mad at my husband for having a 'threesome?'
c3jdqi	AITA For Bribing a Guy into an Arranged Marriage?
awhhts	AITA Changing someone's instagram password for using my email
bnnxpb	WIBTA for reporting a Lyft driver because he tried to ask me out?
9srqsi	AITA for not believing my girlfriend's 'discomfort' during sex?
9mw228	AITA for calling 911 on a friend for drunk driving?
c08awt	AITA for refusing to talk to my mother unless she uses my title?
beho75	AITA for not being able to accept my partner's sexuality?
bvook2	AITA for not telling my husband that I know his secret
bbbnzc	AITA if I don't go to this job interview my cousin referenced me for
b3kjk7	AITA for vetoing my husband's name choice for our child?
c3sx03	AITA for wanting another child?
ci8at7	AITA for not caring about my wife's injury.
bpt1h9	AITA for admitting to my boyfriend that I think he's bad in bed?
b7gkds	AITA for using my boyfriend's phobia to prove a point?
cbqfsi	AITA for adopting a dog with the same name as my daughter?
ccwpt1	AITA for correcting my title on a wedding RSVP card?
b29w8f	AITA for cussing out my in-laws for going through my luggage?
biedqo	AITA for asking my boyfriend to kiss me after a blowjob?
b81w4s	AITA for deleting my moms Facebook posts?
bzia61	AITA for banning fast food from the house because of my diet?
ba8yv4	AITA for my birthday gift to my wife
aex00x	AITA for being annoyed because my girlfriend pees so much?
c1aor4	AITA for sending a Tinder asshole to McDonald's?
audl4e	AITA for not even wanting to try an aesexual relationship?
a2ztjl	AITA for denying my terminally ill wife the chance to be a mother?
c1shrj	WIBTA if I asked for a DNA test?
bixmrg	AITA for telling my friend that it's not abuse.
akw54a	UPDATE - AITA for not throwing away pictures of my ex wife?
bfmn96	WIBTA if I said no to my own wedding?
axvbak	AITA for not giving some of my deceased husbands things to his son?
cdkcm8	WIBTA if I report a guy from the dealership who texted me?
awnjmv	AITA for telling my son about my ex wife's infidelity?
bpkg48	WIBTA if I fired our sitter over religion?
a6onwm	AITA for cutting off close friends that ruined my birthday.
bgzhrj	AITA for blaming my 14yo sister's pregnancy on my parents?
bnoncj	AITA not telling husband I know he's gay
bg0yvp	AITA for charging a deaf person for the internet bill they caused me?
bkjg0p	AITA for "causing a scene" with police in front of my GFs new apt?
bz8lug	AITA for refusing to feel my pregnant wife's belly kicks?
9gdshx	UPVOTE THE ASSHOLES
a2dzn2	AITA for not wanting a kid that could potential go blind at age 20?
ck0f5z	AITA for wearing a white dress to a wedding?
bx34vw	AITA for reporting my friends video of her naked child?
c9isg7	[UPDATE] AITA for not wanting to pay for my own wedding?
ck60ce	AITA for warning others about a girl's STI?
c2ie01	AITA for sitting on this woman's purse
busqrl	AITA For Telling A Kid That She's The Reason I Got A Dashcam?
amagia	AITA for "ruining 3 relationships"
9wpz7s	AITA for getting my mother charged with credit card fraud?
c7m3w2	AITA for not letting my in-laws move in with us?
b4ild1	AITA for not caring about my ex's family tragedy?
cbc3jm	Aita for not giving my SIL a gift for her baby shower?
bunjsh	AITA for refusing to show my receipt when leaving a store?
bgta8v	AITA For playing the sexism card as a male
bzowkh	AITA for finally snapping at my wife about my drinking?
atvjvo	AITA for refusing to make my kid apologize?
ac4zea	AITA for not wanting my husband's best friend over every week.
aj4ojm	AITA for getting my coworker's $2,000 vacation taken away?
cesd6o	AITA for being open about my economic status among pushy coworkers?
bjw8cd	AITA for refusing to donate my hair to my aunt with cancer?
9oczd2	AITA for having sex with my fianc'?
cj9au9	AITA for not wanting to adopt my sister's kids?
bip01i	Update - AITA for not telling my boyfriend about my "troubled" past
bv4psb	AITA for pranking my judgemental mother-in law?
bcpuwt	AITA for leaving a $0 tip?
b2c73i	AITA for leaving my pregnant gf after a fake "miscarriage"?
a45frc	AITA for kicking a special needs child out of my restaurant?
cixuku	AITA for buying a $3000 computer without consulting my gf
ayb5fn	AITA for not giving my husband a baby right now
bv7pre	AITA for sitting on a guy his bag in a full train?
cjam6l	AITA for purposely taking my time at a self service checkout?
cd7o6z	WIBTA If I reported my Lyft driver for asking me out?
c57r4g	AITA for Laughing at a Baby CPR Class
ao3bpe	AITA for turning the tables on my gf?
cc71k0	AITA For Not Changing My Cat Name For My Offended Neighbor?
c0jhvd	AITA for confronting my husband about a fake silicone penis he wears?
9sy52q	AITA, for telling an overweight girl to lose some weight?
b8cfzr	AITA For Not Paying A Domme After She Ignored My Safe word?
ceb7sk	AITA for siding with my brother in law over my own sister?
begn9w	AITA for not telling my Uber passengers that I speak Chinese?
ce9koh	AITA for throwing out all of the food in the communal fridge?
app91s	AITA for not warning a Tinder date about my weight?
bon4uq	AITA for losing it at my granddad's funeral?
bbbjtm	WIBTA if I were to dump my boyfriend for being a snobby movie critic?
b7052w	AITA for (accidentally) hatching my roommates egg?
atuh3j	AITA for breaking up with my mother and her husband
aeokcg	AITA For Wanting No Military Uniforms At My Wedding?
cf5nwm	AITA for talking to my nephew about the birds and the bees?
9yh8xy	AITA - Left my fianc'e at home because we were going to be late.
a73x4o	AITA for drawing an overweight girl as overweight?
aszm1k	AITA for refusing to let my neighbors park in my free spot
bgixqz	AITA for preventing my family from using my Amazon Prime account?
b1vu58	AITA for not caring when our baby is born?
ah3mhj	AITA for calling the police/CPS on my SIL?
c70zsf	AITA for not wanting to work during my cousin's wedding?
cki3dn	AITA for ignoring a pregnant woman's request on an airplane?
c5lpau	AITA for not telling my wife that I am dying?
c29xp9	WIBTA if I gift a globe to my flat earth friend?
aht3zd	AITA For not throwing away pictures of my Ex-Wife?
b7lluf	AITA for saying my religion is the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
byrxkv	AITA for not slowing down baseball with my son for my stepdaughter?
bta48a	AITA for telling a kid what "bisexual" means
bfpjb6	AITA for choosing my dogs over my 5year long relationship?
cn6pi3	WIBTA for putting my stepson up for adoption after his mother passed?
c0v5r2	AITA for refusing to go to my cousins funeral.
9qz6lq	AITA for telling my wife to get over it?
cges5o	WIBTA if I take my coworker to HR for touching my car?
9xk7u0	AITA Breaking up after she returned
a3cg0x	AITA for taking back my UNICEF donation?
bt68qt	AITA for cutting my best friend out my wedding?
atkz2q	AITA for disabling the Wifi due to my friend's loud teenager?
c0rq5x	AITA for Naming my daughter "after" the woman my dad cheated with?
bexsyt	AITA for disagreeing with my friend's idea of a 'microaggression'?
a4wgq8	AITA for being mad at my boyfriend for getting a lap dance?
bzv1x3	AITA for putting pressure on my wife to get surgery
bmbczq	AITA for mentioning her weight after she mentioned mine?
bqsqnw	AITA: Blowing up and getting banned from domino's after being lied to
ali3ny	AITA for calling and chewing out the Reverend
coqekm	AITA for freaking out over my gf's "prank"?
b2xmyy	AITA for breaking up with him because of his job?
adwdkn	AITA for letting my boyfriend's passport expire before our trip?
c44qnb	AITA for ordering a vegan burger for my boyfriend?
bqaqq7	AITA for lying to my wife about honey for almost 10 years
blo9j6	AITA for getting a man on my train fined?
9n95iu	AITA for changing my bully's passcode?
aeiy4m	AITA for hiding from a disabled kid at work?
ccqeay	AITA for not paying for college for my pregnant daughter?
9t9yun	AITA for being honest with my girlfriend?
clxd0z	AITA for flipping out on old lady while my son was locked in hot car
bwdu45	AITA for telling my sister she can't bring her child to work anymore?
agg3k0	AITA for not giving my husband a blowjob? [UPDATE]
ahmq5f	AITA My mom gave my son a valuable gift and gave my daughter a napkin
bq5k6s	AITA I'm terminally ill and don't want to give closure to my sister
a1rg3q	AITA for breaking a kids Airsoft gun
cbvilv	AITA for refusing to call my unborn nephew by his name?
cj13w1	AITA for passively tormenting an entitled child?
cao855	AITA for removing wreaths meant to honor the spot where someone died?
c1o5b4	AITA for getting my stepsister kicked out of a conference?
c061nc	WIBTA for running off with my gf's daughter and dog?
ap77mf	AITA for withholding information about my work from my husband?
aqdxii	AITA for not wanting my wife's other child
b5rpuc	AITA for considering to break up with my boyfriend over this?
c9wljb	AITA for refusing to pay for my son's college a second time?
a5bkse	AITA for calling out my buddy for cheating, in front of his wife?
bkb1ld	AITA For skipping guy's night because the host's wife was there?
ar75he	AITA for taking a homeless person's dog?
a3vjz3	AITA because I want to give back my adopted son?
atlouy	AITA for getting upset over a false paternity test
9qo0jb	AITA For telling her to fuck off?
c3cctv	AITA for buying my sons houses but not my stepdaughter?
budy1w	AITA for sleeping with my cousin?
cb1xnk	AITA for giving my friend a sip of water
anv3g0	AITA for not telling my wife a secret I promosed to keep?
c8db6k	AITA for telling a woman in line in front of me to shut the fuck up?
aaaufh	AITA for telling my husband I don't want his mother to visit us?
boio25	AITA for moving my tv after an argument with my room mate?
ce1wtb	AITA for pouring my dad's drink over his dinner?
bp6z7o	AITA for putting ghost pepper extract in my toothpaste?
ciuny1	AITA for acknowledging 'pretty privilege'?
ab8bm8	AITA I accused my girlfriend of trying to trap me
bx4iwj	AITA for leaving in the middle of a job interview?
b7m8up	AITA For hating my mom for making me share a bed with her
bnee49	WIBTA for leaving my boyfriend over his newly-discovered child?
ckt45q	AITA for taking back "gifts" my daughter gave her friends?
ati7b2	AITA for not cooking for my 'vegan' husband
aunbjr	AITA for leaving a note on our neighbors' door?
b6zs5v	[META] Relationship-related post topics
cbczf7	AITA for giving away my wife's chocolate?
b4wy7h	AITA for telling my daughter to give up on her dreams?
cgl2ec	AITA for Wrapping My Hair?
bzhmf0	AITA for cursing out a neighbor when she commented on my lawn mowing.
c35xdn	AITA for photoshopping pics of my girlfriend d to make her skinnier?
cfqiua	AITA for snapping that my dad has no right to parent me anymore?
bzsk01	WIBTA if I didn't buy my 16 year old sister a new Juul?
alp6bu	AITA for not changing my daughter's diaper?
cafh2k	AITA for giving my 15 year old son beer?
c75d98	AITA for not wanting to care for my autistic brother?
9w7hkz	AITA when I get upset when people try to thank me for my "service"
bxpblv	AITA for following my [42M] wife [27F] around for an evening?
cff22s	AITA for making fun of a coworkers disability
9yad75	AITA for doing my own mechanic work
9sexff	AITA For having sex with my friend's mother?
cjvqrx	AITA for kicking my friend's new husband out of my house?
afvbja	AITA for not wanting to give up some of my time with my son.
a0jkpl	AITA for being upset at the prospect of a half sibling?
9py7hb	AITA for eating after an old lady told me to stop?
cf4659	AITA for being a goth only around my mother?
aiwert	AITA for feeding my (ex-boyfriend) carrot
cerocg	AITA for telling a protester to get out of my way to class?
asxd52	AITA for reporting my brother to child protective services?
b1sxfb	AITA for rage quitting on my boss?
byp65g	AITA for not picking up my drunk little sister from a house party?
colt4l	AITA for not taking the hint & breaking up a stranger's relationship?
cicq23	AITA for getting mad at a friend for her fetish?
cdxmpq	AITA for getting grossed out when unclogging my wife's breast duct
aakgkm	AITA For Ruining Probably Kid's Childhood?
9um28m	AITA for breaking a kid's nerf gun?
amiloi	AITA for refusing to leave the dog park and ruining a meet-up.
bhp3sq	AITA for making a point to by husband by not buying paper towels?
coxumd	Update: AITA for not telling my sister about my nephew's boyfriend?
bvoynz	AITA for denying my future sister-in-law an engagement ring?
a2syvk	AITA for keying a car that was parked in my assigned spot?
9treay	AITA for being angry at my boyfriend ?
abq93c	AITA for forcing my Stepson(7) to finish a level in a video.
cl3e85	AITA for bringing van tamales to a potluck?
cd23zr	AITA for refusing to talk to my mom until she apologized?
bwdljm	AITA for exposing a man as a fake veteran before his wedding?
bmp9dl	AITA for sending a co-worker an unsolicited dick pic?
cls0im	AITA for letting my son be "rude" to my MIL?
bjwwbt	AITA for forbidding my sister from having sex in my house?
buti24	AITA for taking off my top?
br6i4u	AITA for refusing to pay the 12 year old who mowed my lawn?
co0n1z	AITA for yelling at someone who filmed my tics?
bvbuk4	AITA for the real reason I want to have another baby?
bs267c	WIBTA for confronting my wife's nosy friend?
bro98t	AITA for telling my brother what I think of his wife?
cjdyhd	AITA for inviting my trans friend to a gender reveal party?
bqyg8o	AITA for banning girlfriend's daughter from my house?
b19p2q	AITA for leaving my trans boyfriend right after I found out he was ?
c68nm0	AITA for being shirtless around my roommate's GF and refusing to stop
clisqt	AITA for having sex while a guest is over?
aahkj8	AITA for not letting a young child cut in line and use the toilet?
bw7mh6	AITA for not telling my girlfriend about a large investment I made
cbkb5c	WIBTA I emailed the principal about Doughnuts With Dads?
bsnoo6	WIBTA for graverobbing our family pet?
bvuwdy	AITA for calling the cops on my GF?
b7pbgt	AITA for telling my teenage son the real reason I left his father?
c63zmc	AITA For filling a police report on a 16yr old?
bmittk	AITA for telling my sister's fiance about her past
b4d8lv	AITA for not eating "home cooked" food at a pot luck?
blsnwr	AITA for pointing out that my girlfriend was being a hypocrite?
cmldz1	AITA for not telling my husband that his daughter started her period?
bzpotd	AITA by creating a TV schedule last weekend.
cjmxsu	AITA for technically stealing my neighbor's cat?
9vdkvi	AITA For switching obese people's drink at McDonald's
bba0ei	META: People are confusing NTA and NAH. Or I'm the confused one.
cb2uxr	AITA For charging 3,000$ for her to get her dog back?
c7qqpw	WIBTA if I spent my weekend at a hotel eating pizza/watching Netflix?
cd9xa5	AITA for not letting my fianc' drive my car after 3 accidents?
ccjiss	AITA for pulling the 'I make the money card'?
ahpper	AITA for eating sushi in front of my pregnant wife?
cmrwys	AITA for wanting my partner to get a paternity test?
c19z1b	AITA for confronting a woman for staring at my husband on the train?
bu5l3x	AITA for not wanting to try therapy for my 'child hating' problem
c6zfvw	WIBTA if I made meals my family doesn't like?
cngexe	WIBTA if I kicked these girls out of the troop?
ci4kjd	AITA for telling my SO she's not Chinese?
bf1026	AITA for taking my ex-fiances parents "bribe" to break up with him?
a6xyvu	AITA for not wanting to pay for something I designed for free?
cmtucr	AITA for using my mom's religion to defend myself against her?
cgae4a	AITA for accepting it when I "got my way" after crying?
bztjmt	WIBTA if I covered my doorknob in glitter to keep my sister out?
brsz28	AITA for making the house cold so my wife would cuddle with me
buh1uj	AITA for hiding my amputation during a job interview?
cifqen	AITA for 'abandoning' my (30M) sister (18F) in another country?
be54zb	AITAH for pressing charges against my pregnant best friend?
bvlr7i	AITA for requesting a tip before service?
ci19zu	WIBTA if I made a cyclist I hit pay for the damage to my car?
bn4hl6	UPDATE: AITA for telling my daughter to give up on her dreams
axxy3f	WIBTA if I stop giving my boyfriend blowjobs?
bf9587	AITA for refusing to pay my girlfriends dowry?
cm1cgf	WIBTA if I gave my mother an ultimatum at my wedding?
9y3rdu	AITA for feeling?
a9zkn7	AITA for telling his girlfriend that he was cheating?
cn7beq	AITA for pausing TV shows every time my girlfriend talks?
b1e9dn	AITA for not wanting to have anal sex with my boyfriend?
bfhx1o	AITA for not wanting children with my husband?
c8bw67	AITA for Pre-Emptively Going to HR to Report a Co-worker?
8s56a3	AITA for throwing a soda on the ground near the dude I bought it for?
ch76fm	AITA for telling my brother something he does is gross?
cmdf5y	AITA - For not caring about my wife's chronic pain anymore
a64k1b	AITA for not going to my best friend and housemates hen party?
clqvnb	AITA for telling my brother the truth about our father
ce1bpx	AITA for giving my daughter her child support directly?
ci5nnu	AITA for posting creepy & gross texts from ex-coworkers on Twitter?
ce1skf	AITA for not including a coworker on lunch orders?
ckghk6	AITA for shitting myself at my brother's wedding?
bsf64w	AITA for telling my wife I slept with her new bff?
b1xne1	AITA for ratting two people out for cheating on a final exam?
a1zbcl	AITA for holding the wrist of a 13 year old girl?
bec0xf	WIBTA if I suggested therapy for my creepy, bone-collecting niece
brb5g9	AITA for having my cable and internet shut off?
bqw6kw	AITA for sabotaging our potential adoption?
cfultl	AITA for not paying my neighbors for their lost dog?
azjw7a	WIBTA if I tell her not to bring her kid to my house anymore?
c3cxb0	AITA for not wanting to pay for my own wedding?
9oytfd	AITA for hating my mother for marrying a felon?
cmy9j7	AITA for choosing a piece of Video Game music for my mom's funeral?
cjps5l	AITA for "ruining" a family dinner?
bdh7u3	WIBTA if I go to Disneyland without my son because of his actions?
b2ovjl	AITA For breaking up with my girlfriend for a "prank"
b5h2us	AITA for not doing anything on my boyfriend's birthday?
c1vext	AITA for tweezing off my baby's unibrow?
bsh41y	AITA for leaving my cheating wife and her child for good?
cgts81	AITA for keeping my son away from his father?
b66ucw	AITA for taking my girlfriend's lasagna home when she said I could?
bpuvk7	AITA and Politics
a8eyps	AITA for coming home late when my child was sick?
aoujha	AITA for wanting to pull my daughter out of preschool
bel9m9	WIBTA for telling Uber my driver had her kid in the car?
ciznvx	AITA for refusing to buy period products this one time?
cexpe6	AITA for clapping and cheering someone who cut in line?
bvmrbl	AITA for saying asexual people don't have to "come out"?
beaaz7	AITA for refusing to apologise to my sister?
bs7lg5	AITA for telling a stranger he is creepy for following my child home?
b354b4	AITA for having a gender preference in our selective abortion?
cl1ugg	AITA for not approving of my daughter's choice in boyfriend?
bak1gr	AITA for telling my wife to go back to work if she's so miserable?
cbghau	AITA for not paying for my girlfriend's family's dinner?
caxwsm	AITA for telling my gf to not leave the house without a bra?
ckx9cg	AITA for making my kids pay for part of our family vacation?
