cnml52	AITA for suggesting my 7yo name his new stuffed tiger "Tig Bitties"?
awyi8k	AITA for despising my mentally handicap sister?
cs0bfh	AITA for asking my brother not to bring his boyfriend to my wedding?
cbybhq	AITA for keeping my website up after being asked to remove it?
cdypge	AITA for telling cashier that wasn't the girls credit card?
bvxqh8	AITA For Firing An Employee After His Parents Died?
cohdqj	AITA for ruining both my parents marriages for disowning me?
cwxh47	AITA for asking moms boyfriend to stop trying to parent me?
ce0nve	WIBTA if I gave my neighbor the rest of his cigarette butts back?
cdc0q0	AITA for not wanting to pick up my wife from the airport at 12:30 AM?
cv96lf	AITA for pointing out to my friends that they are not famous?
cccdat	AITA For ignoring a coworker who refused to use my actual name?
bkyn9c	AITA for choosing my brother over my marriage?
c5eeb5	AITA for spraying the neighborhood kids with my garden hose?
ch3vqi	AITA for serving a pregnant woman a non-alcoholic cocktail?
ccnvdo	AITA for refusing to accept my parents "gift" and then walking out?
c9uay1	AITA for suggesting that my sister chose an easy love?
cqbhfo	AITA for grounding my daughter because she called my SIL a 'slut'?
ak0zkc	AITA for telling my waitress's manager she did a great job?
anhw1b	AITA for being mad that my birthday gift was sex?
cblw2u	AITA for refusing to pay at a restaurant that was false advertising?
cpti8j	AITA for dressing nicer than the couple getting married?
byiwjh	AITA for exposing the real reason my sister and her bf broke up?
bgyfr0	AITA for propositioning a girl in the gym?
c6t9kj	AITA for yelling at a little girl to get out of my face?
c9gtj9	AITA for not helping my son and his wife with my grandson?
c2esxa	AITA for telling people my sister had an abortion?
c6xdyj	AITA for telling my mom she's a whore?
ca15qi	AITA for being mad my girlfriend took my keys?
cxf4fa	AITA for lying to my boyfriend about when an event starts?
csfejp	AITA for not letting a friend use my umbrella in a Japanese downpour?
azfg6o	AITA for 'tattling' on my boyfriend to his mother?
ct8w0a	AITA for not shaving my legs for work?
ae5whx	AITA for dumping my gf after her unannounced backpacking trip?
cb10pv	AITA for yelling at my sister in law?
b9a3mo	AITA for making fun of my boyfriend's penis?
afl15b	AITA for not wanting to break up with my girlfriend/stepsister?
bvk83l	AITA for stranding a date without a ride because she was ignoring me?
c6hnjh	AITA for letting my date pay for dinner?
clx62w	AITA for being a "Karen" about my car being "fixed"?
bq2hbt	AITA forbidding my wife from using my daughters old room?
bsfwo8	AITA for taking back the birthday gift I gave my sister?
bzr0h7	AITA for serving myself the biggest piece of meat?
cugrhz	AITA for not honoring my son's punishment?
b0xd7g	AITA for lying to my son's girlfriend's parents?
cj8qg9	WIBTA if I don't let my daughter put a lock on her door?
bs3303	AITA for letting my picky eater child go hungry?
barg6e	AITA for grounding my daughter the way I did?
c219rs	AITA for forbidding my wife to go to her affair partner's funeral?
aujbdh	AITA: I ditched a girl 40 minutes from her house on our first date?
b2za6i	AITA for sending my kid to school with "adult" snacks and lunches?
ca83jg	AITA for forcing my son to see how difficult it is to raise a baby?
bzce02	AITA for refusing to meet my wife's ex-boyfriend?
ci22ko	WIBTA if I didn't give up MY honey moon villa to my grandparents?
b5o8t6	AITA for having an Almanac?
bpo602	AITA for refusing to fire our maid (at my wife's request)?
c41y2n	AITA for showering my niece?
cunlba	AITA for exploding on my father's wife?
bi0ljh	AITA for skipping my child's birth to see my dying father?
bf892b	AITA for not paying for the meal?
bnxeao	AITA For telling step-daughter she's the reason for divorce?
c6a8ka	AITA for ditching my date and causing a scene?
c4p4b9	AITA for not wanting to share my son?
blpyy3	AITA for refusing to pay alimony to my cheating ex-wife?
buiasv	AITA - I moved for my husband's job, my kids now hate me?
b4vc6m	AITA for telling my boyfriend he has a small penis?
cil848	AITA for avoiding taking classes taught by professors with accents?
b5a1yu	AITA for telling a friend's girlfriend that she's spoiled?
azofrl	AITA for not being attracted to my girlfriend's body?
b12st4	AITA for being mad at my wife for dumpster diving?
bjt5hg	AITA for not wanting to be involved with a child I helped conceive?
bj1yn3	AITA for telling my friend's husband about her secret food stash?
cucz2s	AITA for telling the barista that my girlfriend is with me?
cwg4ez	AITA for telling my cousins the truth about their parents?
cpn67z	AITA for naming my dog Askim?
aygsfl	AITA for feeding my vegan nephew meat?
bx5oac	AITA for no longer wanting my trans cousin in my wedding party?
ck7l97	AITA for not wanting my in-laws to visit our new baby?
btgyy8	WIBTA If I kick my boyfriend out of my house over chicken?
cn1hmi	WIBTA if I cancelled the adoption of my stepdaughter?
bvh33v	AITA for "allowing" my 16yo daughter to get a tattoo?
bhz0i8	AITA for not caring when my friend came out of the closet?
aqzqc6	AITA for firing employee of 20+ years for calling my niece "Princess"?
cgiexb	AITA for teasing my wife about finally catching her shitting?
bxk596	AITA for telling strangers that my wife and I are married?
c9a9pv	AITA for asking to be charged for a man's haircut when I am a woman?
ctqxqd	AITA for subjecting my boyfriend to my nakedess?
cc5orf	AITA for making a baby cry to save $100?
bqoxdt	AITA for doing the same thing as my wife?
bcpbxl	AITA for not wanting to pay for a diamond ring?
b8sdv1	AITA for changing my mind midway through buying a stranger coffee?
ciziiz	AITA for not telling my sister about my nephew's new "boyfriend"?
9x0szw	AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend over "consent required"?
b46hkg	AITA for leaving an 18 cent tip and getting the waitress fired?
c3b999	AITA for cutting my mother out of my life for letting me be homeless?
bxumsi	WIBTA if I decline my twin stepdaughter's request to adopt her?
axc97i	AITA for not wanting my mom to cover my daughter's chest in pictures?
b6qtzb	AITA for wanting him to keep his furry in check?
b51p9c	AITA for being upset about a "prank" my girlfriend pulled on me?
bnbp5k	AITA for my sister and her bf breaking up?
bgqjrp	AITA for having sex with my sister in law on the wedding night?
awtof3	AITA for kicking my sister out of my wedding during the reception?
cnxvrt	AITA for spending my Sons lottery winnings money?
br9fpg	AITA for walking out of my own birthday?
b2kqov	AITA for telling my wife WE are making our daughter, not her?
cr109w	AITA for flipping out on my boyfriend for eating my cake?
bk763q	AITA for ghosting at parties?
bb9jtb	AITA for ordering a meat dish while eating with my vegan friend?
bchxly	WIBTA If I broke up with my girlfriend over my cat's mental health?
au9bhn	AITA for objecting to 'girls day'?
chfrpf	WIBTA if I didn't tell anyone about my marriage?
c0i3oz	AITA for Introducing my GF as a Model?
c78usu	WIBTA if I report my doorman for calling me pretentious?
ax75vx	AITA for sticking up for an ex instead of my girlfriend?
bzyh19	AITA for messing with my sister's fake profile?
cwmrle	AITA for not trading seats on a plane?
cqomyq	AITA for scaring my my daughter to teach her not to scare animals?
avple4	AITA for refusing to lift something heavy for a woman as a man?
bmvxbh	AITA for getting defensive about a birthday gift I gave to a friend?
bkey92	AITA for being too honest about having a baby?
bymu7a	AITA for expecting my daughter to help her brother?
cocpeh	AITA for dancing well at a wedding?
cie0ce	AITA for refusing to speak english to around my stepdad?
cgf8xl	WIBTA for selling my son's home because they decided to be childfree?
c0xp8l	AITA for refusing to wear a wig to my friend's wedding?
b3giip	AITA for telling my boyfriend I don't want a penis?
bbjo5b	WIBTA for not allowing meat to be served at my wedding?
cg7vm0	AITA for pressing charges on my Daughter for Fraud?
bncdre	AITA got a tarantula so the in-laws stop coming by?
ad1lk4	AITA for telling my Bestfriend's new girlfriend to go fuck herself?
br875q	AITA Making my vegetarian daughter make her own meals?
co0j4u	AITA for telling my ex I refuse to share custody of our daughter?
c0nmu8	AITA for excluding my blind friend from my wedding?
ct5tg1	AITA for feeding my sons vegan friend meat?
cisjdx	AITA for skipping my own wedding to see my dying grandma?
cgd82t	AITA For Never Telling My Son About The Existance Of His Twin Brother?
cxvvy6	WIBTA if I reported this woman?
bamn16	WIBTA for divorcing husband over his past sperm donation?
bd3jpf	AITA for signing a petition to end a tradition?
cearrk	AITA for telling my coworker about the reality of a 478 MCAT score?
bob5vd	AITA for getting my ex's girlfriend a Mother's Day gift?
bmo5hl	AITA for telling a STEM major to shut the fuck up?
cx3ue5	AITA for telling a coworker that the office is NOT a daycare center?
bi4tak	WIBTA if I report my son's school?
b3blri	AITA for wanting to abort my late husband's baby?
cbfzci	AITA - parents lost all my uni work two days before my deadline?
cf1lbg	WIBTA if I stopped inviting my triggered friend to movie night?
btbdd6	AITA for wanting a divorce from husband who lost 200k on bitcoin?
an1v5u	AITA for mocking a Girl with a height requirement?
bn6jf6	AITA for not wanting to interact with my biological children?
bnf405	WIBTA if I canceled my nephew's college fund over his rudeness?
buq5b3	WIBTA If I got paternity tests done behind my wife's back?
bwxoqv	AITA for using the word "miscarry" to beat my wife in scrabble?
bo0t3p	AITA for calling my brother and sister 'Jaime and Cersei Lannister'?
c28bm0	AITA for changing my wife's clothing sizes without telling her?
aw4ci0	AITA for rejecting a girl as revenge?
bju6w5	AITA for locking the door at my in-laws house overnight?
cq6dzw	AITA for leaving my own surprise party?
bohka4	AITA for being mad at my husband for having a 'threesome?'?
c3jdqi	AITA For Bribing a Guy into an Arranged Marriage?
awhhts	AITA Changing someone's instagram password for using my email?
bnnxpb	WIBTA for reporting a Lyft driver because he tried to ask me out?
c08awt	AITA for refusing to talk to my mother unless she uses my title?
9srqsi	AITA for not believing my girlfriend's 'discomfort' during sex?
9mw228	AITA for calling 911 on a friend for drunk driving?
beho75	AITA for not being able to accept my partner's sexuality?
bbbnzc	AITA if I don't go to this job interview my cousin referenced me for?
bvook2	AITA for not telling my husband that I know his secret?
b3kjk7	AITA for vetoing my husband's name choice for our child?
ci8at7	AITA for not caring about my wife's injury?
c3sx03	AITA for wanting another child?
bpt1h9	AITA for admitting to my boyfriend that I think he's bad in bed?
cxsymc	AITA for letting a dementia patient add me to her will?
cbqfsi	AITA for adopting a dog with the same name as my daughter?
cr4uat	AITA for having an "unhealthy relationship" with my daughter?
b7gkds	AITA for using my boyfriend's phobia to prove a point?
ccwpt1	AITA for correcting my title on a wedding RSVP card?
b29w8f	AITA for cussing out my in-laws for going through my luggage?
biedqo	AITA for asking my boyfriend to kiss me after a blowjob?
b81w4s	AITA for deleting my moms Facebook posts?
bzia61	AITA for banning fast food from the house because of my diet?
ba8yv4	AITA for my birthday gift to my wife?
c1aor4	AITA for sending a Tinder asshole to McDonald's?
aex00x	AITA for being annoyed because my girlfriend pees so much?
audl4e	AITA for not even wanting to try an aesexual relationship?
c1shrj	WIBTA if I asked for a DNA test?
a2ztjl	AITA for denying my terminally ill wife the chance to be a mother?
bixmrg	AITA for telling my friend that it's not abuse?
bfmn96	WIBTA if I said no to my own wedding?
axvbak	AITA for not giving some of my deceased husbands things to his son?
cdkcm8	WIBTA if I report a guy from the dealership who texted me?
awnjmv	AITA for telling my son about my ex wife's infidelity?
bpkg48	WIBTA if I fired our sitter over religion?
bgzhrj	AITA for blaming my 14yo sister's pregnancy on my parents?
a6onwm	AITA for cutting off close friends that ruined my birthday?
bnoncj	AITA not telling husband I know he's gay?
bg0yvp	AITA for charging a deaf person for the internet bill they caused me?
cges5o	WIBTA if I take my coworker to HR for touching my car?
bkjg0p	AITA for "causing a scene" with police in front of my GFs new apt?
ck0f5z	AITA for wearing a white dress to a wedding?
bz8lug	AITA for refusing to feel my pregnant wife's belly kicks?
bx34vw	AITA for reporting my friends video of her naked child?
ck60ce	AITA for warning others about a girl's STI?
c2ie01	AITA for sitting on this woman's purse?
busqrl	AITA For Telling A Kid That She's The Reason I Got A Dashcam?
amagia	AITA for "ruining 3 relationships"?
c7m3w2	AITA for not letting my in-laws move in with us?
b4ild1	AITA for not caring about my ex's family tragedy?
bunjsh	AITA for refusing to show my receipt when leaving a store?
bgta8v	AITA For playing the sexism card as a male?
bzowkh	AITA for finally snapping at my wife about my drinking?
atvjvo	AITA for refusing to make my kid apologize?
ac4zea	AITA for not wanting my husband's best friend over every week?
aj4ojm	AITA for getting my coworker's $2,000 vacation taken away?
cesd6o	AITA for being open about my economic status among pushy coworkers?
bjw8cd	AITA for refusing to donate my hair to my aunt with cancer?
cj9au9	AITA for not wanting to adopt my sister's kids?
9oczd2	AITA for having sex with my fianc'?
bv4psb	AITA for pranking my judgemental mother-in law?
bcpuwt	AITA for leaving a $0 tip?
b2c73i	AITA for leaving my pregnant gf after a fake "miscarriage"?
a45frc	AITA for kicking a special needs child out of my restaurant?
cixuku	AITA for buying a $3000 computer without consulting my gf?
ayb5fn	AITA for not giving my husband a baby right now?
cjam6l	AITA for purposely taking my time at a self service checkout?
bv7pre	AITA for sitting on a guy his bag in a full train?
c57r4g	AITA for Laughing at a Baby CPR Class?
cd7o6z	WIBTA If I reported my Lyft driver for asking me out?
ao3bpe	AITA for turning the tables on my gf?
cc71k0	AITA For Not Changing My Cat Name For My Offended Neighbor?
c0jhvd	AITA for confronting my husband about a fake silicone penis he wears?
b8cfzr	AITA For Not Paying A Domme After She Ignored My Safe word?
9sy52q	AITA, for telling an overweight girl to lose some weight?
ceb7sk	AITA for siding with my brother in law over my own sister?
begn9w	AITA for not telling my Uber passengers that I speak Chinese?
ce9koh	AITA for throwing out all of the food in the communal fridge?
bbbjtm	WIBTA if I were to dump my boyfriend for being a snobby movie critic?
cvhoid	AITA for not giving my cat back to her original owners?
app91s	AITA for not warning a Tinder date about my weight?
bon4uq	AITA for losing it at my granddad's funeral?
b7052w	AITA for (accidentally) hatching my roommates egg?
atuh3j	AITA for breaking up with my mother and her husband?
cf5nwm	AITA for talking to my nephew about the birds and the bees?
aeokcg	AITA For Wanting No Military Uniforms At My Wedding?
9yh8xy	AITA - Left my fianc'e at home because we were going to be late?
a73x4o	AITA for drawing an overweight girl as overweight?
aszm1k	AITA for refusing to let my neighbors park in my free spot?
cki3dn	AITA for ignoring a pregnant woman's request on an airplane?
bgixqz	AITA for preventing my family from using my Amazon Prime account?
b1vu58	AITA for not caring when our baby is born?
c70zsf	AITA for not wanting to work during my cousin's wedding?
ah3mhj	AITA for calling the police/CPS on my SIL?
c5lpau	AITA for not telling my wife that I am dying?
cv3luh	WIBTA moving out meaning my family would likely be evicted?
c29xp9	WIBTA if I gift a globe to my flat earth friend?
cq0f38	AITA for making a gay joke?
aht3zd	AITA For not throwing away pictures of my Ex-Wife?
b7lluf	AITA for saying my religion is the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
byrxkv	AITA for not slowing down baseball with my son for my stepdaughter?
bta48a	AITA for telling a kid what "bisexual" means?
cr5sgo	AITA for causing my co-workers kid to be kicked out of daycare?
cuhric	AITA for being upset at my SO for throwing me a surprise party?
cn6pi3	WIBTA for putting my stepson up for adoption after his mother passed?
bfpjb6	AITA for choosing my dogs over my 5year long relationship?
c0v5r2	AITA for refusing to go to my cousins funeral?
9qz6lq	AITA for telling my wife to get over it?
coqekm	AITA for freaking out over my gf's "prank"?
9xk7u0	AITA Breaking up after she returned?
bt68qt	AITA for cutting my best friend out my wedding?
a3cg0x	AITA for taking back my UNICEF donation?
cqctxj	AITA for reporting my son's terrible school bus driver?
atkz2q	AITA for disabling the Wifi due to my friend's loud teenager?
c0rq5x	AITA for Naming my daughter "after" the woman my dad cheated with?
bexsyt	AITA for disagreeing with my friend's idea of a 'microaggression'?
ctin9w	AITA for cutting my 15 year old son off?
a4wgq8	AITA for being mad at my boyfriend for getting a lap dance?
bzv1x3	AITA for putting pressure on my wife to get surgery?
bmbczq	AITA for mentioning her weight after she mentioned mine?
bqsqnw	AITA: Blowing up and getting banned from domino's after being lied to?
ali3ny	AITA for calling and chewing out the Reverend?
b2xmyy	AITA for breaking up with him because of his job?
cqbtrd	AITA for getting a tattoo before my brother's wedding?
adwdkn	AITA for letting my boyfriend's passport expire before our trip?
cwnllg	AITA for guessing a coworker's age correctly?
c44qnb	AITA for ordering a vegan burger for my boyfriend?
bqaqq7	AITA for lying to my wife about honey for almost 10 years?
blo9j6	AITA for getting a man on my train fined?
9n95iu	AITA for changing my bully's passcode?
clxd0z	AITA for flipping out on old lady while my son was locked in hot car?
ccqeay	AITA for not paying for college for my pregnant daughter?
aeiy4m	AITA for hiding from a disabled kid at work?
ct0uwv	AITA for refusing to attend my dead nephew's birthday celebration?
9t9yun	AITA for being honest with my girlfriend?
bwdu45	AITA for telling my sister she can't bring her child to work anymore?
agg3k0	AITA for not giving my husband a blowjob? [UPDATE]?
ahmq5f	AITA My mom gave my son a valuable gift and gave my daughter a napkin?
bq5k6s	AITA I'm terminally ill and don't want to give closure to my sister?
cj13w1	AITA for passively tormenting an entitled child?
cpci8z	AITA for telling my sister she needs to lower her standards?
a1rg3q	AITA for breaking a kids Airsoft gun?
cbvilv	AITA for refusing to call my unborn nephew by his name?
cao855	AITA for removing wreaths meant to honor the spot where someone died?
c1o5b4	AITA for getting my stepsister kicked out of a conference?
c061nc	WIBTA for running off with my gf's daughter and dog?
ap77mf	AITA for withholding information about my work from my husband?
b5rpuc	AITA for considering to break up with my boyfriend over this?
aqdxii	AITA for not wanting my wife's other child?
c9wljb	AITA for refusing to pay for my son's college a second time?
a5bkse	AITA for calling out my buddy for cheating, in front of his wife?
bkb1ld	AITA For skipping guy's night because the host's wife was there?
ar75he	AITA for taking a homeless person's dog?
a3vjz3	AITA because I want to give back my adopted son?
atlouy	AITA for getting upset over a false paternity test?
9qo0jb	AITA For telling her to fuck off?
c3cctv	AITA for buying my sons houses but not my stepdaughter?
budy1w	AITA for sleeping with my cousin?
cb1xnk	AITA for giving my friend a sip of water?
culpft	AITA for asking my stepdaughter not to call me 'dad'?
anv3g0	AITA for not telling my wife a secret I promosed to keep?
c8db6k	AITA for telling a woman in line in front of me to shut the fuck up?
aaaufh	AITA for telling my husband I don't want his mother to visit us?
boio25	AITA for moving my tv after an argument with my room mate?
ce1wtb	AITA for pouring my dad's drink over his dinner?
ciuny1	AITA for acknowledging 'pretty privilege'?
bp6z7o	AITA for putting ghost pepper extract in my toothpaste?
ab8bm8	AITA I accused my girlfriend of trying to trap me?
bx4iwj	AITA for leaving in the middle of a job interview?
b7m8up	AITA For hating my mom for making me share a bed with her?
bnee49	WIBTA for leaving my boyfriend over his newly-discovered child?
ckt45q	AITA for taking back "gifts" my daughter gave her friends?
ati7b2	AITA for not cooking for my 'vegan' husband?
aunbjr	AITA for leaving a note on our neighbors' door?
cbczf7	AITA for giving away my wife's chocolate?
b4wy7h	AITA for telling my daughter to give up on her dreams?
cgl2ec	AITA for Wrapping My Hair?
c35xdn	AITA for photoshopping pics of my girlfriend d to make her skinnier?
cfqiua	AITA for snapping that my dad has no right to parent me anymore?
bzsk01	WIBTA if I didn't buy my 16 year old sister a new Juul?
alp6bu	AITA for not changing my daughter's diaper?
cafh2k	AITA for giving my 15 year old son beer?
c75d98	AITA for not wanting to care for my autistic brother?
9w7hkz	AITA when I get upset when people try to thank me for my "service"?
bxpblv	AITA for following my [42M] wife [27F] around for an evening?
colt4l	AITA for not taking the hint & breaking up a stranger's relationship?
cff22s	AITA for making fun of a coworkers disability?
cjvqrx	AITA for kicking my friend's new husband out of my house?
9yad75	AITA for doing my own mechanic work?
9sexff	AITA For having sex with my friend's mother?
cvt0cq	WIBTA if I called CPS on a girl my roommate had over last night?
afvbja	AITA for not wanting to give up some of my time with my son?
a0jkpl	AITA for being upset at the prospect of a half sibling?
9py7hb	AITA for eating after an old lady told me to stop?
cf4659	AITA for being a goth only around my mother?
cs4bxe	AITA for asking my SIL to stop bringing up her infertility?
aiwert	AITA for feeding my (ex-boyfriend) carrot?
cerocg	AITA for telling a protester to get out of my way to class?
asxd52	AITA for reporting my brother to child protective services?
b1sxfb	AITA for rage quitting on my boss?
cicq23	AITA for getting mad at a friend for her fetish?
byp65g	AITA for not picking up my drunk little sister from a house party?
cdxmpq	AITA for getting grossed out when unclogging my wife's breast duct?
aakgkm	AITA For Ruining Probably Kid's Childhood?
9um28m	AITA for breaking a kid's nerf gun?
amiloi	AITA for refusing to leave the dog park and ruining a meet-up?
bhp3sq	AITA for making a point to by husband by not buying paper towels?
coxyn9	AITA for being angry at my brother for proposing at my wedding ?
co0n1z	AITA for yelling at someone who filmed my tics?
bvoynz	AITA for denying my future sister-in-law an engagement ring?
cl3e85	AITA for bringing van tamales to a potluck?
a2syvk	AITA for keying a car that was parked in my assigned spot?
9treay	AITA for being angry at my boyfriend ?
abq93c	AITA for forcing my Stepson(7) to finish a level in a video?
cd23zr	AITA for refusing to talk to my mom until she apologized?
bwdljm	AITA for exposing a man as a fake veteran before his wedding?
bmp9dl	AITA for sending a co-worker an unsolicited dick pic?
cls0im	AITA for letting my son be "rude" to my MIL?
bjwwbt	AITA for forbidding my sister from having sex in my house?
buti24	AITA for taking off my top?
br6i4u	AITA for refusing to pay the 12 year old who mowed my lawn?
bvbuk4	AITA for the real reason I want to have another baby?
bs267c	WIBTA for confronting my wife's nosy friend?
cjdyhd	AITA for inviting my trans friend to a gender reveal party?
bro98t	AITA for telling my brother what I think of his wife?
cq7d7p	AITA for suggesting that my daughter wear contacts?
clisqt	AITA for having sex while a guest is over?
b19p2q	AITA for leaving my trans boyfriend right after I found out he was ?
bqyg8o	AITA for banning girlfriend's daughter from my house?
c68nm0	AITA for being shirtless around my roommate's GF and refusing to stop?
aahkj8	AITA for not letting a young child cut in line and use the toilet?
bw7mh6	AITA for not telling my girlfriend about a large investment I made?
choiv4	WIBTA if I started taking only one of my dogs for long walks?
cbkb5c	WIBTA I emailed the principal about Doughnuts With Dads?
bsnoo6	WIBTA for graverobbing our family pet?
bvuwdy	AITA for calling the cops on my GF?
b7pbgt	AITA for telling my teenage son the real reason I left his father?
cto31p	AITA for refusing to bleach a woman's hair?
cmldz1	AITA for not telling my husband that his daughter started her period?
bmittk	AITA for telling my sister's fiance about her past?
c63zmc	AITA For filling a police report on a 16yr old?
b4d8lv	AITA for not eating "home cooked" food at a pot luck?
blsnwr	AITA for pointing out that my girlfriend was being a hypocrite?
bzpotd	AITA by creating a TV schedule last weekend?
cmrwys	AITA for wanting my partner to get a paternity test?
cjmxsu	AITA for technically stealing my neighbor's cat?
9vdkvi	AITA For switching obese people's drink at McDonald's?
cpd3c7	AITA for banning my girlfriends mum from coming to our house?
cngexe	WIBTA if I kicked these girls out of the troop?
cw7n8e	AITA for not wanting to go to family therapy?
cu3qj6	AITA for telling my son to 'man up'?
cb2uxr	AITA For charging 3,000$ for her to get her dog back?
ci4kjd	AITA for telling my SO she's not Chinese?
cmtucr	AITA for using my mom's religion to defend myself against her?
cd9xa5	AITA for not letting my fianc' drive my car after 3 accidents?
c7qqpw	WIBTA if I spent my weekend at a hotel eating pizza/watching Netflix?
ccjiss	AITA for pulling the 'I make the money card'?
ahpper	AITA for eating sushi in front of my pregnant wife?
bu5l3x	AITA for not wanting to try therapy for my 'child hating' problem?
c19z1b	AITA for confronting a woman for staring at my husband on the train?
cstt2a	AITA for 'hiding' $35k from my boyfriend?
c6zfvw	WIBTA if I made meals my family doesn't like?
cphwh4	AITA For laughing at my sister's 'Millionaire Dating Coach'?
bf1026	AITA for taking my ex-fiances parents "bribe" to break up with him?
cifqen	AITA for 'abandoning' my (30M) sister (18F) in another country?
a6xyvu	AITA for not wanting to pay for something I designed for free?
cgae4a	AITA for accepting it when I "got my way" after crying?
